Barb Sanders
There are 2030 dreams (out of 3116) with 50-300 words.
2030 dreams are displayed here. >
#0003 (1960-08-04)

For the second night in a row, I dreamed of Jon. He was trying to make an impression on me. He embarrassed me! Then I dreamed that Reta and I saw Blake in a restaurant and we went in and had a coke. Some kids were dancing and I was wishing Blake would ask me. He did. We bopped all over. When it was done, we sat down. He said, "Your hair's messed up." I said, "Oh, dear, not again" (He had his arm around me). He bent to me and said, "Yes-let's mess up a mustache" and then he kissed me. The kiss was so real! Then I dreamed that Nate came home. I met him in S City at the bus depot. He was 6 feet tall and all muscles. He grabbed my hands and then threw his arms around me and kissed me,(All these dreams were when I was fast asleep). [BL] (154 words)
#0007 (1964-??-??)

A red faced devil comes to me and is trying to hurt me very badly. I beg him to stop but he persists. I agonized with the pain and agonized that I don't want to hurt him, but I must. I force his head into an oven where the devil face gets redder and more inflamed with pain and heat. He screams with agony. I feel sick to my stomach with the horror of it all. (76 words)
#0008 (1966-??-??)

I dreamt that Dovre was drowning in a raging body of water. I'm standing on the road/bridge next to her. I am looking down at her. There's rain and storm all around us, raging. I know I must dive in and save her but I'm afraid to because to do so will be my certain death. I walk on, leaving her to drown, feeling sick about it. (67 words)
#0009 (1968-??-??)

A series of dreams about raging water, but I seem to be unafraid. One dream was me in a small boat going down a huge raging river, the water boiling up all around me and I am having a good time, enjoying the beauty of it all. Another dream involved a huge roiling waterfall. I think it is beautiful. (59 words)
#0011 (1969-??-??)

I was sleeping and became aware of trying to wake up. I tried to open my eyes and look at the celery green paint on the bedroom wall. Then I became aware of two invisible spirits standing at the foot of my bed (also in duplex in C City). I was afraid and then they let me know, telepathically, they mean no harm. After a while, I wake up. (69 words)
#0016 (1974-03-16)

I had a horrible dream. Howard was in a coffin. I yelled and screamed at his mom that it was all her fault. I kicked myself that I hadn't waited to become a widow rather than a divorcee in order to get the insurance. I woke up feeling miserable, the dream was so icky. [BL] (54 words)
#0022 (1975-??-??)

I was chewing a huge sticky, grainy wad of gum and 5 or 6 teeth fell out into the wad of gum. I was horrified. I peeled the sticky mess out of my mouth and remarked that my teeth must be rotten and pointed to the huge spaces with a part of one remaining, showing how it was rotten. Fade. I had to burn my dulcimer and fiddle to be warm. It was an important decision. I didn't want to. (80 words)
#0023 (1975-10-14)

I was in a hotel, in bed with a stranger. Her back was to me. I felt comfortable because it was a woman and I wouldn't have to worry about sexual demands. Suddenly, he turned and started to wrap himself around me (very large penis). There were feelings of anger and sexual pleasure together. He pinched my nipples. It hurt and I got very angry. Each time he'd pinch, I'd scream angrily, "No! Stop it! Don't!" He wouldn't listen. I pushed away. I ran downstairs out to the street. He followed in pursuit and tried to cajole me into wanting him. Now we were dressed. A crowd was wandering around. He asked me to dinner. He changed from aggressive to charming. I felt aloof but was interested. It is very vague at this point. There was more, but I can't remember. (141 words)
#0024 (1976-01-13)

I had the freakiest dream. I dreamed I'm on a raft with a beautiful Indian guy and a small child. We fight rapids, waterfalls, etc. Finally we pull up on beach (grassy, nice). I'm suddenly making advances (kissing, French) on Ginny. I had the male role. I said, "How neat, we can go off and do this any time and not have to wait for..."(I assume men). This was accompanied by feelings of repulsion, guilt, no sexual feelings at all. (80 words)
#0030 (1976-07-13)

I had a strange dreams about Howard. He wanted back with me. I put my arm around him but it was a terrible effort. Then he started to kiss me and I pulled away, feeling sickened and disgusted. "Don't ever touch me again," I said. I woke up feeling good that I can leave it, and sick that I spent 10 years with him. (64 words)
#0037 (1976-09-22)

I had a strong dream about Dan. I dreamt we were making love on the couch. He was on top. He was small and had difficulty getting it in, but he finally succeeded and it felt good. Then I was on top and he couldn't get it in and I helped him. He groaned in ecstasy when it finally worked. I kept getting my leg trapped between the couch and his leg. It hurt. I'd mention it and he'd move and it'd be all right. (85 words)
#0038 (1976-09-23)

I've had this crazy dream. The kids were in the house. I was packing. Water emptied from leaks in the roof and elsewhere. I got on my blanket and clothes. I got in the pick up. Snow, deep on the ground. I was in a parking lot. I narrowly missed several cars. I parked next to a red car, jeep. A man was in it. The kids and I got in back. We went down the street. Passed school buses, slushy roads. I thought, "What will he say when he sees them gone?" Down a steep hill. In a house. I had to give man (cousin Abner or Nate) a shot. A two-pronged needle with red liquid. I know it will hurt him. I didn't want to but I had to. He yelled in pain. He turned on the bed, writhed around, and threw himself around. I snuck up and finished the dosage. He yelled in mock anger. He grabbed me. We tumbled to the floor. He started to make love, wildly, lovingly. Later at the table, an ugly woman with horrible eyes, glazed, hazy, and blue, came in. Said to him, "So there's the louse." I gave her a straight look. I said, "Just leave him alone!" Anger. She steadily looked at me. Another woman, possibly my mother watched the tense scene. (223 words)
#0039 (1976-10-02)

A crazy dream riding a horse. We go over cliff. Fearful long drop to huge water (like round butte). We survive just barely. The horse and I swim forever to safety. Off to a house. My father is a strange "pervert" strapped to a table. He used to be a woman but now he's a man. Two "doctors" are standing, peeking under the sheet at his penis. I catch glimpse of pubic hair, golden. The doctor says, "Oh, don't let her see." I allow pervert to suck my breasts. I started toward orgasm, but felt uneasy, sick about it. Weird! (100 words)
#0040 (1976-10-08)

Rosemary called. She sounded blue. She and I both dreamt about each other and Elliot. My dream had lots of "things" cluttering it, sneakers, blue with brass. Orson written on sneakers, size 11. It looked like Nate's shoe. Dovre and I were packing to go to Alaska. We got there. Rosemary was crying, said she was pregnant and by Elliot. We felt miserable. (63 words)
#0045 (1977-??-??)

I was at cousin Patricia and husband Morton's house. They were showing me around the kitchen. It was huge. I remember a huge, carpeted room and a grand piano in the corner. Most luxurious. I thought, "How totally rich to have a grand piano in the dining room." I looked and a dining room table, most fancy, appeared as I felt it should be there. I went into another room, large, spacious, with rich red tones. I asked to see Morton's "sound room." I exclaimed at the cork on the walls, to sound proof the room. It was off-red tones. Traveled on to a "green house" room with high ceilings. Cut flowers, white, green, yellow, were up high on a ledge by a small sun light window on the ceiling. Vases, etc. were around the room. The house continued forever. I then tried to drive around. I knew myself to be in an old home town but couldn't remember the way; I kept passing the turn-offs. Driving, I said to myself, "Oh, you missed the turn off. You're headed toward A City." Pete was in the dream and so was Aunt Elaine. (192 words)
#0046 (1977-??-??)

In the house, I tried to "move my things in" unpacked. I said to Lydia, "This desk...(off in a corner and filled with junk of hers, baby things). Feelings that I am intruding. Millions of Bic pens in the desk. I thought, "Ah, I won't run out." Lots of "junk" crowded all over, messy room. (55 words)
#0047 (1977-??-??)

Again, I am in a richly decorated room, a large bed. I am eating very sweet rolls, butterscotch on sweet rolls. I am suspicious of it. A man has been "sent" by another man to make love to me. I am vaguely aware of all this and I'm suspicious. A thought occurs that, "Now it is OK. The sweets are fresh and not poisoned or drugged." The man leaves and the "original" man comes to me. A feeling of being pursued, not frightening. [BL] (83 words)
#0048 (1977-??-??)

Lynn and Barry came visiting. I was making coffee. I couldn't do it correctly. The coffee was called "win" and were in "tea type bags." The water boiled. I put in the bag. It broke. I made very thick "candy." I made the second one OK. I watched the pure water being colored. I took the mistake and the cup to Lynn and Barry. They looked a little annoyed. I apologized. I went back. I made another cup of coffee, correctly. (81 words)
#0050 (1977-??-??)

I was sneaking onto an old freight ship. Negroes were being used as slaves. I hid under a table and put a "rug" over me to look like a "pile of clothes" even though I was in plain view. I snuck down to the engine room to get everyone out. (50 words)
#0051 (1977-??-??)

I was home napping. A football hero came over to visit. I got up. I offered to help him fix something to eat. I found a box of macaroni and started to boil those. I was looking for something to go with it. All I could find in the cupboard were stacks of 1 layer, frosted cakes in boxes and cellophane bags. I looked in the oven, a pan of stewed tomatoes. I stirred it with a spoon (that had holes in it). It was not very effective. My brace was lumpy and mis-shapened. My foot hurt to walk. I was embarrassed. I tried to adjust the brace. I thought I had it on crooked. I went into an adjoining room and called to my mother. She was stepping out of the bathroom. The football guy walked by the door. My mother clutched her robe together, embarrassed, as part of her stomach was showing. I ask her what she had planned for dinner as I didn't want to use that. She said, "Fish." I said, "Ugh!" Fade. Now I'm on a date with a young man, a sophomore. He's clean cut. We're walking down a street to get to his car. (201 words)
#0053 (1977-??-??)

I was in old living room in M City. A doctor of mine comes in. He says that I must be at an early morning panel discussion about some new discoveries about curing arthritis. My father and Dwight are sitting with us. The doctor says that the new discovery is latex paint. It causes a "burning throat" and this somehow cures arthritis. I am incredulous; he is full of enthusiasm. He says I must get up at 1:30 am to be at the discussion. I say, "Wow! That's bad because then I also have to get up at 8:00 am for another meeting." My father says, "Well, these difficulties must be met with in life sometimes." The doctor agrees. I ask if oil painting does the same thing. He says, "No, only latex." (133 words)
#0054 (1977-??-??)

My cousin Sebastian and his wife are expected at family reunion. They arrive. Then I am happy to see them. We must go somewhere (a store perhaps) to get something. We are up in mountains. We go to the store. We take our animals with us. I have an affectionate, cute pig. I go to the back room in the building with Sebastian, his wife, the pig and the dog. The owners are a family. Warmth. Some kind of difficulty over the well being of pig is taken care of. (90 words)
#0057 (1977-??-??)

A story is unfolded in a "court." A judge, male, fat, and cold, in a clothing store of some kind. Racks of "lacy" and "painted" dresses hang right next to jury. During the story, the one juror interrupts to say that someone wants to buy a dress. The proceedings are halted so that a dress is tried on. Lacy butterfly sleeves, a print skirt. The story involves a baby named Nancy (or Amort) who swallowed a peanut and started to suffocate. The air was cut off and she became a mental retard with a score of a "little less" than 70. Some man was keeping her as a pet and playing sexual games with her. The man was on trial. (120 words)
#0058 (1977-??-??)

I received a package. There were lots of letters in it and a pair of frozen hands. I started reading the letters to figure out what happened. It was addressed to M. Ford. Apparently, a guy I had met there (blonde, blue eyes) had been sent to Vietnam and "bought" it. He had asked the army to send his hands to me so I could have new, transplanted hands. (69 words)
#0060 (1977-??-??)

The kids were playing on a lawn. My mother was watching them. I said, "It's nap time." We walked over to a room and put them down for a nap. I went across street to a motel and took a room. I was going to read the letter sent with hands but some cleaning persons were around. The blonde guy appeared to explain why he sent the hands to me. The army in the shape of a lieutenant came and inducted me as private. I laughed. They ordered me to march. I didn't take them seriously. I "play marched" around. (100 words)
#0061 (1977-??-??)

I'm driving down the M City main street. Icy streets. I start to brake gently blocks away, to the turn corner. I'm very careful. I go to a corner restaurant. An older fellow is there named Charlie Charisma. Sometimes he ignores me. I order French toast, omelet, etc., hot chocolate. Dark woods in tables, rich place. (56 words)
#0062 (1977-??-??)

As I was "waking up" from a nap, Ginny and Rosemary were perched on my bed. Ginny was doing Math. I watched her count columns, carry and write numbers as she figured and I said, "You do math like me." She wasn't doing well. Then I got worried. I said, "Oh Lord, I'm sure that I'm signed up for an intro to German class, but I forgot to go to any classes and it's late in the term. I'll flunk." I started looking through my filing cabinet for the register form. I saw some B'day cards scrunched in there. Rosemary said, "Take those out." I had to see a boy standing on his head trying to say something but no one would listen. It was a B'day card to the devil. He had a grotesque red face, with huge reddish teeth. He was standing very large in a formal striped suit with a tie and carnation and a huge overcoat on. His coarse, snaky tail was draped around him. No fear. [BL] (171 words)
#0063 (1977-??-??)

I was back to teaching, wearing a full skirt like in the 1950's that billowed and swirled around me. I was in my classroom, reading through a "reading" book and getting ideas to teach with. I felt good and capable. Xmas themes in the book. I hear a child crying, "Help! Help!" I go out into the hall. Some little girl was trying to push open the doors to get out of the girl's room. She had enough strength to hold it partially open but couldn't get any further! I picked her up and soothed her. I walked her up and down halls, feeling a limp in my bad leg but glad I could pick her up and carry her. Three times I went past the editor's office. He came out and walked with me (the girl disappeared). We were looking over lists of concerts (rock). He said, "You've probably not been to many." I said, "Ha. I certainly have." He showed me his arm. Two rock groups were engraved in red on his arm. "The Million Dollar Kid" and the "Crystal XXX." We strolled down the street. I told him how the people had kindly re-hired me and that I was feeling pretty good now and I could handle it. (211 words)
#0064 (1977-??-??)

Fade. Kids and books (residue) from school still props in the dream but now I'm with a big, strong, ugly blonde guy. He's gentle and yet strong. He has a pickup. He gets me into the pickup (parked next to mine). He kisses my neck very softly. It's very sexy and sensual. I dig it. (55 words)
#0065 (1977-??-??)

I am sitting around minding my own business and a young man (like Bob, coast guard) decides he likes me. He follows me around a lot; he decides he's in love with me. I am a little annoyed. He's like a puppy, always underfoot. He follows me around. His mom doesn't approve. Then I'm a member of a group of people (about 4 or 5 of us). We are sitting on a bench facing another group. We are diplomats/entertainers. A Prime Minister and his wife get up and dance a cute dance around. They are dancing the other group's native dance (like a minuet or country dance of England). I am watching. Then a guy (Howard/Arthur) grabs me and says, "Here, it's like this," and he and I dance the dance. I hurt as I try the steps going up to the platform, and feel embarrassed. I get back to the bench. I am annoyed with him for not warning me so I could practice. Now I'm lying face down getting a massage, next to a woman like Bette Midler. We are talking. She asks if I was upset and I say, "Ya, he should have given me time to practice, because I didn't like losing face." Then we're watching a guy called the "Roman slave," dancing. He wears a Roman toga and a "slave token" on his ear, a ceramic painted stone on a leather thong. A man/woman dances around him. As the man/woman dances, he moves his finger subtly into the gesture of the "finger." He puts the finger gesture of each hand into the belt loops, one marked "h" and threw the other marked "f." It was done like a strip tease. The group screams and laughs in delight at his audacity and subtlety. (297 words)
#0066 (1977-??-??)

3 women in a house. They were given pretty white "ribbons" for their hair. One wore a white gown, and threw the white ribbon down on the ground. She broke it. She said it made her look too old. Some male figure was bossy, angry. Indians attack. We hide and fight in the house. We make a run for the car (an old Model T). It has gas. We drive (flat tire), country side (orange leaves like of fall, but it's supposed to be desert-like). (85 words)
#0067 (1977-??-??)

Betsy helped move me in her car. She got upset because I spilled noodles on her car in the trunk. Moved to new house. Trying to move things in, dulcimer and fiddle. It was dark. I suddenly get nervous because I have no car. I have no way to get to school. I note a grocery store on the corner. I feel relieved but worry about money to buy food. My parents come by and ask if I need any money. A red house. I like it. (87 words)
#0068 (1978-02-04)

I had the most incredible dream. I was back in the hospital only it was a sort of school. I'd just been informed that I was going to be executed at 9:00 the next morning because I'd not gone to a meeting. I was paralyzed with fear and the enormity of the injustice. My 2 roommates, also condemned, went home for the night to be with friends and family. I didn't have anyone special to go to, so I stayed. Someone (perhaps my alter ego), came to me and said, "Come on, let's fight this. We'll go talk to them. They won't do it." We flew, over a muddy, cold, choppy lake. A lady in a helicopter was who we were to speak to. My friend advised me to speak confusingly, not good to be clear and direct. It didn't work. I was back in my room. The chaplain came in. He brought me a "form 52, a form of protest" to fill out. If I filled it out, they'd have to stop the execution and deliberate. He said, "Sometimes it takes them 'til summer!" [BL] (185 words)
#0070 (1978-04-11)

I had another strange dream, about kittens. The 3rd one. This one, I gave birth to 1 dozen kittens for their mother. I called her over. She moved them to a drawer nest, one bright orange one, one yellow one. I said they would be mine. The rest would be given away. They were cute, fuzzy, and playful. There was a puppy in this dream too. Strange. What does this symbolize to me? [BL] (73 words)
#0072 (1978-05-04)

I had a complex dream. I was traveling back to the Coast to see someone important (the kids, I think). I kept trying to think of the name of the place. City X didn't fit; State Y seemed appropriate. I was traveling first by plane, then by train and then on foot. I remember dreaming saying, "I'm in a Peyote dream" I kept meeting E City people, all warm and strong. Rosemary said, "You could always see deeper than me." Marty Ac and Jamie. (84 words)
#0073 (1978-05-05)

More dreams. I was in a chair. 2 chair carriers, "Curly" and "Nigel" carried me to my new place of residence. They were warm and understanding. I was at the University. The administrator had chosen my new place. They carried me several narrow flights of stairs down to a basement. A door opened on my new room. It was fitted with MR's, CP's, and "Cripples." I asked the name of the residence hall. They said it was the "Handicapped and Cripples Home." I refused to go in. I said, "I've got a brace and a limp, but I won't be shoved away like they are." I insisted they take me to the administrator. He was terribly busy. I persisted. Curly and Nigel brought student support people. I demanded to be heard. I said, "It's not right. Some of these people can't get out of there into the sunshine." (148 words)
#0074 (1978-05-13)

I had a strange dream. Someone named Chuck Mahoney had made an album. It was bad. Someone said, "Here's his second album. Isn't it lucky someone took a chance on him and laid the money down for a second try? It's really good, his second album." Then Raul and all the men from my past came in. I felt embarrassed. Then a man and a woman were facing each other. A question was asked of the woman. The man was fervently hoping she'd answer correctly in his favor, but she answered "money" and the man was very sad. He looked at me and said, "In some cases, divorce is very good." (111 words)
#0081 (1979-07-04)

A bar. I went in. Several guys, musicians. I sat at their table. An older guy (like cook Dave) was telling stories. He mentioned the Quadriplegic Rodeo. I watched a "cat" that bumped into a jukebox (see drawing) that turned into a man on top and a woman on bottom. I walked through the bar stepping up on tables and chairs rather than going around them. Before that I had been riding a large deer with antlers. He was kind of wild and I kept thinking he'd turn on me. (90 words)
#0082 (1979-07-05)

I was to teach a class in cooking. I had a sack full of papers, food stuffs, etc. I went to the office to see if I could make some schedule changes at the last minute but no dice. Sherrie said the recipe sounded good. She'd like a taste. She walked down to the classroom with me, Room 319. The same guy named Dave was teaching the same kind of class in the next room. I couldn't find my recipe card. I looked and looked. No students showed up. I suddenly remembered that I was to teach a laundry class next hour and I was not prepared at all. As I started cooking the meat, Eve called with list of names for a later club meeting. Sherrie was getting impatient. I felt incompetent. I then see the recipe card floating in a room of water. It is all soggy. I turn the meat over, and burn the card that was stuck in the oven door. I thought, "I must restructure the furniture in the room as I can't get around well," (previous dream snatches, Tony and Nancy W. A guy like Dwight.) (192 words)
#0083 (1979-07-06)

Back at a place like uni house. The kids and I are going to see the movie "Tell Me that you Love me Junie Moon." We get to the concert hall. I see some friends (blonde woman), and the kids go to sit by them. I look in a side room. A circle of people sitting in chair (regular ones) forming. I chat for a moment and then go to join my kids. I see an empty space behind friends. I must "tightrope" walk a bench (blonde wood). As I almost get there, my "friends" get up and leave like strangers (I had overslept and was late to movie). Now I'm at a house. It's late at night and dark. Fletcher walks in. I say, "Hi." We talk. I say, "So, on your way back to Hawaii?" (He wore a Hawaiian shirt). He is surprised that I know so much about him. Generally he's cool and distant but when I read him right, he really looks at me. He starts to make love to me. He doesn't really care about me or how I feel. He has an orgasm. Then I feel an orgasm coming. He sucks my breasts. They are flabby and old. I am at first embarrassed. Then I don't care. I get in a dominant position and go for an orgasm. I kiss his ear. He is non-responsive. He's like Raul, but skinny like Elliot. [BL] (238 words)
#0084 (1979-07-06)

The kids and I are in a large building. The girls have sent away for "spirits" or witches. We are directed to a room. It is a rip off. The girls are disappointed. Dovre goes upstairs to complain. She comes running down the stairs worried. A witch has threatened her. The witch comes downstairs and says we must buy or she'll "get us" with other scary spirits. I say, "Oh, yeh?" I "howl" at the air to protect my kids and scare the spirits away. I'm a little scared myself. I raise up in the air and yell, "Arrrr!" Kathleen comes around the corner. "What are you doing?" I say, "Looking to see if a lion comes at my kids." Then one comes around the corner, and I scare him. I raise up in the air and yell "Arrr." The lion stops. (142 words)
#0085 (1979-07-06)

Howard and I split up. He takes the kids. As he walks away from me, their backs are all to me. I feel badly. I see "Drew" walking ahead of them. He has "given" me some other kids in exchange. I say, "No! I want at least one of my own." He finally agrees. I'm in a house. A group has arrived for a tour of a "fire engine-bus." I show them the fine features of the swivel driver's seat. We're in a field. There are lots of busses, games, and ladies at tables. I ask why we're so far away from the house. They shrug. A janitor comes by and points to the clock. "11:30," I say. "Break for lunch. We'll reset up closer to the house after lunch." In the house, there are lots of papers piled on a bench. I move them. (145 words)
#0086 (1979-07-07)

I was at work. It was hectic. It was the beginning of the new term.I was trying to work on a report. People running in and out. Malcolm asked me to lunch. I said, "Yes," and then remembered I already had promised another person. I told her I couldn't make it, just as another woman came in my office to talk. Then the phone rang. A male voice said, "What's for dessert?" I laughed and started searching for my appointment book. I said, "This time I'm going to find the time." Then Malcolm, girl and I went to lunch. I was cutting a journalism class. I felt guilty. I then decided it was OK. A guy with long hair and a big sombrero sat next to us. Malcolm made some snide comment. The lady "sombrero" we were with gave an indirect apology and explanation. (144 words)
#0087 (1979-07-07)

I was giving a presentation at work. All the staff members were there. I finally was ready. People were getting their cafeteria lunches in next room. People were moving in and out. A few people were really listening. I was talking about disabled students at the community college. Halfway in the middle of the speech, people just got up and left. It was lunch time. They had things to do. I turned and a girl spoke to me. She was describing a terrible incident she had witnessed. I became a good counselor, drew her aside, noted that it was OK for her to cry and I listened well. (108 words)
#0090 (1980-02-19)

A wedding. The guests were dressed up like for Halloween, Witches, etc. The bride came and stood at the alter. A male in drag, crying (fake), and exaggerating a coquettish female, came down the aisle (raked steps like the theater at the community college). He was the "groom." Then after he got to the aisle, he took off his mask and was an usher. The real groom (male), came down the steps. The female minister in costume was replaced by a male, "real" minister. [BL] (84 words)
#0091 (1980-02-19)

I was in a house. Ants were crawling all over everything. I was appalled. "Yuck." I tried to find way out without touching them. "It's just like in that movie," I said. I opened the door and went out. There were lots of people. Then I was an ant (only still my real self). A large person (woman) came to contemptuously step on me. "Get in that hole," she sneered. I was laying down and trying to squeeze under a post. I didn't fit. (84 words)
#0092 (1980-02-19)

After the wedding, a friend and I were sitting in the auditorium. A good looking guy (minister) sat down next to me. My friend was talking to him. "Oh," she said loudly for my benefit "you're not married." I looked over at him and started talking and really looking at him. He was very nice, sympathetic. Then a bus, lots of people on another as it passed. (67 words)
#0093 (1980-02-19)

Some one was injured. A child or a friend who was disabled. I was upset and frantic to find her. Minister had a speech problem. The angrier he got, the more he lisped and couldn't speak. He called on the phone to find out where the child was taken. We walked down a sidewalk. He said, "She was taken to the Monastery. Can you handle it?" I was explaining to him that I am a chameleon. "I have one basic personality but I blend in comfortably with lots of different people types." I said, "I can feel comfortable and make them comfortable, about Roman Catholics and about being conservative." He looked at me. "You are conservative." He said. I was startled that he knew. "How did you know?" I said. Then we're at a big palace, his home. People were talking about me behind my back. I awoke with the phrase, "A cripple for a Queen," being whispered. The minister was apparently the King of England. (166 words)
#0094 (1980-02-20)

Rhonda, her husband, her "Ricardo" son, 2 1/2 yrs old and I were at a famous local actor's home auditioning. I did a good performance. The actor was very intense and liked my work. Rhonda was being supportive. Then the son became obnoxious and climbed all over the people and yelled and tried to break things. Rhonda had just adopted the child and didn't know how to handle him. She tried to coax him to be good. Her husband made a suggestion. She smiled and said, "What a good idea. 6 o'clock him." I felt like I could handle the son with no problem and wanted to help Rhonda. The actor announced some times for rehearsal at the coast. I couldn't hear it clearly and noticed that Rhonda was taking notes. (131 words)
#0095 (1980-02-20)

[snatches of another dream] Very old beautiful pieces of cloth on chairs. An ancient woman owned them. Another woman was exclaiming about the beauty of the rare antique. I felt sorry that the woman couldn't live with them normally but had to move so they wouldn't be injured. I wanted them but realized that when the woman died, they would go to some other person because of blood lines. I was only a relative by marriage. (72 words)
#0096 (1980-02-20)

A puppy like mine and another puppy (tan, cuddly, and small). I pick them up because they almost get run over. Then I put them down so they can run away. A man watches. The puppies turn into cats. He picks up one, an orange stripped one. The man is warm, watching. I feel a little badly about just letting the animals go to find food and a home on their own. (72 words)
#0097 (1980-02-25)

Some heavy journey in the wilderness. Then, a young girl in a white satin bride dress comes into my shop. Everything is white. She is snotty and doesn't like me. She then goes into the next section of my shop, all white tablecloths, glasses, etc. She sits on red velvet. I think, "How beautiful." I then go to get in my car that I have finally gotten from my brother. It's a blue and white '55 Chevy with a continental kit. It's in good shape. It's punch hooked beautifully all over the outside. Both of my brothers are in the enormous backseat. Dwight is laughing and saying that the bride's brother doesn't want to marry me, but his family will force him to. He teases me because he knows I want to marry this guy. I think, "Hum, it could be interesting if we married," like it would be a challenge to get him to love me. I then tell Dwight the car is his. He grins and gets into the driver's seat. We start going. I grab at a styrofoam cup with coffee, cigs, ashtray, etc. and put them in my lap. I am sitting on a car seat that is sideways to the rest of the seats. Hot wax (pink) spills on my pant leg. Dwight drives us to a "turn-out" on a bridge that over looks the town of M City main street. (236 words)
#0098 (1980-02-25)

Patsy wanted to show me something. Had a question. It was important. I went to a side room and knocked on the door. A man was inside (black). I had a lot of respect for him. Then as I opened the door, I saw that he had enormous, hard wood, tall (10 feet), pieces of furniture (grandfather clocks). At first I said, "I'm sorry to bother you. I'll only take 5 minutes." Then I exclaimed, "Oh, you have the clocks. They're not lost." I looked at one small one on a cabinet and admired the intricate inner workings. He smiled. I asked him my question. He helped me. It was a warm and gentle relationship. He was sitting on a bed. Then another man came in. He loved me. Patsy put a mortar board graduation hat on my head. He smiled. I said, "I got another degree, my master's, no, a second degree." I was sitting on the bed. He kissed me. I layed down. The hat wouldn't stay on. We agreed to get married. The door opened and Patsy was leaving. A third man looked in. He was sad because I wasn't marrying him. (195 words)
#0101 (1980-03-04)

Paul McCartney and my "friends" were on one side of a room, and the Arabs were on the other. A chain link fence was between us but there were gaps in it. Paul started yelling insults and taunts at the Arabs. I said, "Stop it." I stood up and walked to him. The Arabs started yelling back and coming into "our" side of the room to fight. I was in the middle; I made them go back. Paul and the others started up again. I again tried to stop them. One Arab thanked me. Then, they all started again and I gave up. It was too big. I gathered up some things and left the room. Now I was in the hall. I said, "I want to get away, where there's no people." Paul said, "You want to go camping?" I'm not enthused. I want a fireplace, etc. My father said, "You can go somewhere remote, if you can handle traveling over the Texas desert." I ask if we can go where there are no hunters. I don't want to get shot. [BL] (182 words)
#0102 (1980-03-19)

Some guy named Miles is in his mother's sleazy bar. I come in. Miles' eyes are ugly, burnt brown, whites, ridges where it should be smooth, pale, watery, no teeth. He's an alcoholic. I feel repulsed but feel sorry for him. I agree to marry him, knowing I don't want to. I keep trying to see him as handsome. After a struggle, he has teeth, healthier hair, and his eyes are normal. We leave for our honeymoon. I see a lake, green, smooth, calm, with living trees under the water. It's a complete forest. Several people are fishing at the edge. "No beach," says I. We go on. (108 words)
#0103 (1980-03-19)

A dinosaur. I am on its back. A large beautiful snake, green and shiny, with gold threads, is its driver. I must hold on to her head just behind the jaw to keep from getting bit and to control where to go. She tries to bite me. I have to be very strong to keep her under control. I am struggling hard and I almost can't do it. She turns to look at me and says, "'Little girls' shouldn't (or couldn't) do this." [BL] (83 words)
#0104 (1980-03-19)

Howard and I are at a campsite. I say, "Hey, let's talk about the kids and not always fight." He agrees. It was friendly. There was a slight sense of me being on guard. Howard was standing near the open door of the cab of the red pickup. I was standing near him. Chuck sees him and comes up. "Oh, who's this?" he says curiously. "This is my ex-husband, Howard." Chuck looks at me like, "Shall I protect you?" I look at him like, "No, it's O.K." (87 words)
#0105 (1980-03-19)

Later, I'm being chased by people in 4 helicopters. They are trying to shoot me. I get on top of a green airplane just barely larger than my body. I lay down on it so it and I are the same configuration. I control the speed with my hands on the prop. We fly over a big shiny lake. I look back. Two men run and jump into the lake to escape the helicopter. They land head first in shallow water from the waist to the feet. They are out of the water (standing on their heads) I go over a mountain, calling ahead to get permission of the airport to land quickly. At first they refuse. I have to wait my turn, heavy traffic. I tell them this is an emergency. They say, "O.K., you'll have 10 seconds between planes." I then get inside the plane. I think, "No, I don't want to, I feel trapped," but then I decide to because I would have metal around me and the chair back to stop bullets. I land. Then I'm in a huge house sort of like M City, only there are lots of windows everywhere (like at in-service old club house). I tell people, "Duck down, or you'll get shot." A mixture of people are there. Chuck, Dylan and lots of young college age women. One young woman wants to know what's going to happen to our deal over the yarn if some of us get shot. I am impatient with her. I say, "If I get shot, the yarn's yours, O.K.? The rest we'll worry about later." I go downstairs. Two Seans come in, nonchalantly. [BL] (277 words)
#0106 (1980-03-19)

I'm in an old time car (like a van). I am an old woman. My "sister" and I are being taken away. I create a diversion and jump from the moving car to the road to get help. I land on my feet by a fenced cow pasture. I start hitchhiking. Someone going in the wrong direction for me sticks their nose in the air and won't turn around to help. The next person stops to help. (77 words)
#0108 (1980-10-14)

Howard is driving a beat up VW bus. His wife Karen, the kids and I are in the bus. I am the in passenger seat. I see Howard going to sleep as he drives. I am angry. I yank the driver's seat from him. We argue. He is on a bended knee next to my right side, trying to get close to me. I feel very closed in, rigid. Karen pleads with me to see his need to drive and to be close. I'm angry and I argue that it's best for me to drive and that I don't like him anyway, so there! The brakes are weak and I have trouble stopping or slowing us down when it is needed. [BL] (121 words)
#0109 (1980-10-15)

I was sitting/lying open position on a table top with a kitten on my tummy. I was looking open and sexy. A man was looking at me. He and his 3 brothers were paid by my father (a rancher) to protect us from some evil bunch of ranchers who had huge Clydesdale horses that pulled a big wagon. It was night. I kept seeing the shadow of these men riding by in the night on patrol. The guy got up and came to me all agitated and begged me to kiss him. I got coy and turned my head and said, "No!" This happened three times. He loved me and I teased him. Then later, there was a terrible train wreck, cars, the Clydales, everything destroyed. The evil one was trying to hurt me. I married this man who loved me. I was ill or something; I couldn't remember that I had kids. 5 kids came by and someone said, "These are yours." 3 redheads and 3 blondes. One of the children said, "And Paulina died." I was shocked and hurt. The child who said it looked like he felt badly for having blurted it out. It was like I had been mentally ill and was coming out of it. Later, I had some warm feelings for this man and we hugged. (222 words)
#0110 (1980-10-16)

I was on stage with lots of people. I was sitting at a small table with 3 or 4 people. The rest were on risers, facing the audience. A woman in the group turned to another woman and started picking on her verbally. I didn't like it. I stood up and placed my body between them and faced the one who was attacking. I shook her shoulders and said, "Stop it. I'm tired of this and I want you all to stop now!" Then, we all sang for the audience. I was standing in front of the group. I sang with the group. Then I had a solo. It was beautiful; 1 long, high, clear note. I got a standing ovation. I was looking at the audience wondering if it were a standing ovation, or if they were leaving because it was the end of the play. A very tall red headed man, shy, came over to me. He was naive. He wanted to kiss me. I was amused. He would bend way down. The kiss wasn't very satisfactory. He kept trying different ways. Finally, I got a little exasperated that he wasn't figuring it out fast enough, so I reached out and hopped up and wrapped my arms around him. It was a very satisfying, sexy kiss. I could feel his penis, hard and I thought, "Oh, it's small." Maybe I should stop before it goes any further. (239 words)
#0111 (1980-10-19)

I was teaching a young man to play the trumpet, even though I don't play one. I showed him how to play a clear note. Then I played a song. I was good. Some man of importance was watching. Then the volatile girlfriend of the young man came looking for him. She was very emotional. I followed them upstairs and hid in the closet to overhear. Then I felt badly about not being open, and came to them, like a counselor. He asked me to stay and listen. I did. The situation then cleared up. The girl and I went down steep stairs (like in the theater), and sat on stools. Mine was high. We hoped no one would question us because we had no tickets. Earl came by and handed his tickets at us thinking we were ushers. (139 words)
#0112 (1980-10-19)

Later, I had a confrontation with an authority figure (I think it was me). I had something I was going to trade for the coral pillow that was directly connected with my mother's "enslavement." He had her under his power (like blackmail) as long as he had the coral pillow. He said, "You want all of it?" I said, "Yes." He said, "O.K." Then I was driving. Some one is with me (a young man, I think). I take a new path. It's like I was saying to myself, "Ah, ya, I'm free now. I can break the old habits and take a new path. I felt scared, like he would disapprove and I'd get in trouble. Then over a rise, I saw the ocean from a new perspective and it was beautiful. Then I went over the rise. The path was so steep, like a cliff. I made it. There was a table in the ocean. Some person had his head in the "sand." On the table was an old faded silk pillow with a picture of a leopard on it (like my needlepoint pillow). I felt blocked by this man, but then I just reached out and took the pillow and gave it to my mother (the man and my mother were also me). I felt very free and exhilarated. (222 words)
#0113 (1980-10-21)

A man had a newborn baby with him. It was very small. I felt great caring for the baby. I nursed it and cuddled it. The man took me to his house. It was the wee hours of the night. His wife came out of the other room and looked at us. The man was a picture of guilt. I bluffed my way through, trying to think of logical reasons why I was there and looking calm and collected. I felt guilty also. (83 words)
#0114 (1980-10-21)

I was throwing papers away in a box. A fire started in the box (hot stuff in papers created coals and sparks). My needlepoint canvas caught fire. I hit it with my hand to put it out. Then, I had a glove on. I got the fire out. Then I saw that my guitar was on fire, at the heads. I took a towel and smothered the fires. I noticed my banjo was lying on the floor under the guitars and was unharmed. I looked at it. Then I saw a fire place with a roll of butcher paper stuck in it (like my class is doing life-lines on). The paper was on fire. I took out things I didn't want to burn. Then a rack of clothes, lots of them, were beside the fireplace. I told my mother, "These are old and out of date. I think I'll throw them away." She was shocked. "You could fix them up." I said, "I hate to sew." She was more shocked and angry. "Why didn't you tell me that when I was younger? Then I wouldn't have bought you material and stuff," (that I had asked for). I said, "At that time I was trying to like it, but everything I sewed looked bad, seams were uneven, stitches were showing, zippers were uneven, etc." Lydia held up a mauve dress for a 1 yr old. She said, "Here, I've outgrown this, you can have it and maybe fix it." I said, "No, It won't fit me or my girls. I have no use for it." She was annoyed with me. (269 words)
#0118 (1980-11-04)

I was a lion cub, trying to hide from a big gorilla that was going to hurt me. I would try to squeeze myself under furniture but he'd still see me. I felt very afraid. A baby monkey would then be near me and his father, the gorilla, would look for him and that would lead him closer to me. Then I was the baby monkey and my father was after me. [BL] (72 words)
#0120 (1980-11-04)

Later, I'm in a department store. Thea is the sales lady. I'm looking at a package of something, maybe sewing patterns. She asks me to get some zippers off the rack and bring them to her. She keeps talking about how the boss keeps asking her if she needs this tool or that tool and she'd say yes and he'd buy it for her. Now she has hundreds of these zippers, she complains, and in the same breath would say, "And we need them, don't we?" (86 words)
#0122 (1980-11-04)

(Before this dream) There is a baby. Someone has it. I take it. It is a baby girl. I think I should put a hat on its head to protect it. I hold it and coo at it. Then my father and I are walking down a hall. I have the baby. A woman and a 3 year-old girl are walking ahead of us. The girl wants a toy. The woman says, "O.K., I'll get you a toy, lots of toys." Then she thought and said, "Only maybe the toys should be supplied by the child welfare division as that's where you're from. Yes, we'll wait and they will provide the toys." The girl felt very sad and I felt very sad. I looked at my father and he looked at me. We both knew the lady was wrong. We knew that because my mother had worked at the child welfare division. The woman looked at me and I shook my head no. "You're wrong," I say. "You should buy the toys." The woman and girl were getting into the elevator. She looked annoyed and caught. (186 words)
#0123 (1980-11-06)

A conversation between 2 women, both myself, I think. One said, "Look. See, she told me about it." The other laughed and said, "Oh, ya?" She didn't believe it. I was a little embarrassed, like being caught in a little white lie. I said, "Well, anyway, she showed me...sort of...in an indirect non-verbal way." (54 words)
#0124 (1980-11-06)

I was going to sail away on the blue ocean. My wheelchair was attached to the ship like a dingy rowboat (life raft?), and I was navigating the surf, the shallows from the land to the deep blue ocean. I was aware that this was the dangerous time of the voyage. My chair was heavy and might get water logged and sink us all, but after we were on the deep water, the chair would be the important and safe power source for the ship. (85 words)
#0129 (1980-11-08)

I was at a dinner table. My cousin Sonja and my Aunt Naomi and Uncle Philip and my mother and I were at the table. Sonja kept getting into trouble and I sat there all proper and correct. I was glad it was her and not me. I was feeling a little smug. My Uncle Philip talked to me and I remembered when I was 13 or 14 that he'd "wrestle" with me and tickle me and once lay on top of me and then backed off. I was coy. I enjoyed it and I played innocently. It was raining and dark. I was scared because I'd have to drive home alone and maybe I couldn't see well. I went to the bathroom to blow my nose. Something was lodged in it, dried snot, that looked like chewing gum. I pulled the toilet paper off the roll and there was shit on it. "Eyuck," was my feeling response. My mother was coming toward the door telling me to hurry up. I felt slight anxiety about being messy and being caught at it. (182 words)
#0133 (1980-11-11)

The end of the world. Outside forces of the universe were pulling on Earth. We were in our final days, volcanos, ash falls, real lava. I was in a small town, like M City. There were feelings of doom, some panic. We were getting ready to be rescued by a big plane but it needed a place to land. I looked around. The ground was too bumpy and full of sage brush. The railroad tracks were the only answer. But then I saw a train load of people on the tracks. I felt upset and annoyed. I couldn't let the plane land until I'd cleared the tracks. The people got off the train. They were insane, crazy, helpless people. I feel overwhelmed, sad. I wanted to get rescued. I didn't want to die, but I can't just abandon these people in their need. I couldn't make the order that would kill them. I was annoyed. I thought, "Maybe I will. To hell with them," but I couldn't. (167 words)
#0136 (1980-11-13)

I was aware of two good, heavy dreams. I even had the images still in my head but I was unable to verbalize what I dreamed. No sequence or objects to put names to. There was a sense of something dying so that the next phase can grow and be born and then that going away so first phase has its turn stronger. [BL] (63 words)
#0141 (1980-11-16)

Later, I was in a house with 2 teenagers (boy and girl), supposedly my children. We had shut and locked all the doors and windows because awful bats that could suck out all our feelings and insides were trying to get in and get us. The front door wasn't really a front door. A branch from a tree was the door. There were holes in it that the bats could fly through. I got a heavy hatchet but the handle was a small, dry, breakable, flexible twig. I was going to kill the bats as they came in. I could sense them out in the dark. I went to the branch. It semi-fell down. Then birds, white with pretty eyes, started to come through. I had to chop and chop on their necks. Bloody, and their heads fell off. It was hard to kill them. Then they went away. My "children" said, "Oh, thank goodness, it's all over." I didn't believe it. I was still worried. Then people came through the door. They were friendly, in a group, moving in. I knew that they were going to get us. I wouldn't let them near me. My kids went to them. One grandmother kissed my son. I felt heartsick. They were going to finally get us. (215 words)
#0142 (1980-11-16)

(First dream of the night). Fear on bed, in the bedroom, rising up the curtain like in an elevator, but I'm not. As I'm going down, I get more fearful. There is a hole in the curtain and outside the hole is a cage, but my fear of it is like it's a Nazi concentration camp. I scream because I'm going to be pushed out of the window into the cage. I push myself backwards. It was a weak push but I fall back hard. I fall across the room. I move furniture as I fall so I won't get hurt and land on the floor at foot of the bed. 2 children are in the bedroom, a little boy and a little girl. A pouch with a banana is handed to me. I get sexually excited, aggressively, powerfully so. I grin and pull 2 legs out of the pouch and the banana turns into a penis. I want it badly. I kick the little girl out of the way. I place the penis in me and I can feel it, real. I hold the man tightly and the closer I get to orgasm, the fiercer I am. Then I see a "picture" of our faces. I'm smiling, really into it. He's smiling because it gives him joy to see me feel so good (fierce, intense smiles). As I start to have an orgasm, a little boy is screaming, "Daddy! Daddy, don't!" 2 policemen come in. I can't talk. I try to but can't. I want to finish. I can hear the screams ( I wake up, feeling like it was a nightmare). (273 words)
#0143 (1980-11-18)

A huge house with a brick front and bay windows (centuries old) started to shake. All the bricks were falling off and the window shattered, like an earthquake. I remembered the kids were in the house and so were Andrea's babies. I hesitated and then went in to get my girls. Ellie was being stubborn. She and I argued all the way out. I sensed that the babies were still in the house, but I went on out with my kids. Lots of pieces of the house were falling all around us. We crowded into a doorway across the lawn from the house. Something about a lot of pills. A man was near by. (114 words)
#0144 (1980-11-19)

I was laying on the couch in the M City house, watching T.V. My mother was in the kitchen doing dishes. Dwight, my father and I were waiting for her to finish so we could go vote for the president. I was feeling lazy and didn't particularly want to go. I was aware of my mother's anger at us because she was working and we were waiting. I was annoyed at her for making me feel her anger, but I just let it ride. My mother gave me the baby (hers) and said, "Feed it while I do the dishes and maybe we'll make it on time." I felt guilty. She was really overworked and anger was spilling out. Dwight groaned and said he didn't really want to go. She gave an angrily voiced lecture on the rights and privileges and responsibilities of a citizen. I fed the baby her water and then her milk. I watched her. She drank quickly and I burped her. She looked like my daughter. I looked to see if she had spit up on me. My father came in and said in a martyred tone that my mother had decided not to go vote. She had too much to do and didn't want to hold us up. I sighed and said, "Oh, honestly, she could do it. She's just being in one of her moods." I was annoyed with her passive-aggressive moves. (238 words)
#0145 (1980-11-19)

A secret door. I started to go through the back door. 2 men were blocking the way. I shut the door and went through a side secret door. It led to an old abandoned room. Somehow I had made a time change. I was back in pre-historic times, in a cave. I stood near the mouth of the cave and an eerie light (green phosphorous) shone on me. I cast my image out into the night to look scary. It scared the natives. I saw some children swimming from school, raging water. This was ordinary for them. 1 girl had to walk on land the long way around. The clansmen talked about raising the bridge the children walked on so it was above the water in storms so they wouldn't have to swim so dangerously. I met a man, a caveman. I was intelligent and seemed to know things (realized memories from modern times would unconsciously filter through and I would solve problems). Others felt nervous about me, because I was so good at figuring things out. A plane landed on the swimming place. A man got out, and pushed the light craft up to shore so it wouldn't float away. [BL] (201 words)
#0149 (1980-11-21)

I was at a swimming pool. A woman is sniffing. "I smell smoke," she says twice. I think, "Huh." A man is concerned because he likes her but doesn't feel that he wants to give up smoking. I then get into the swimming pool at the shallow end. It is pretty pedestrian, so I start moving toward the deep end. I get to the rope and decide to brave it. I swim underwater. I open my eyes and see everything clearly, as if I weren't underwater. I see the feet, legs and tummies of the swimmers on top of the water, and the water swirling as they go through it. I then realize that I need to breathe and look up. I am way down deep. I start to swim for the surface. It's hard. About half way up, I feel the pressure in my lungs and can't help myself. I take a breathe. I'm aware that in reality I'd be drowning, but I'm O.K., I'm not drowning. (168 words)
#0150 (1980-11-21)

I am in a movie theater eating popcorn. I find a coupon. I have won a prize. It's a big one. I get up to go to the candy counter. I realize that I left my purse at the seat, so I "conjure" it up. I ask the lady at the counter what my prize is. She shows me the picture on the coupon. It's a grill, lots of food. I ask her to repeat; she speaks but I can't understand the words. It's something about a scholarship to a college. I look up to see my Aunt Esther and Dora. I'm delighted to see them and I say, "Oh, How nice to see you. It's been a long time." We chat. Then I go outside. There is lots of water. I'm standing on a dock. I see 2 lines of relatives. Uncle Lionel has a white handkerchief over his face (lower half). He has an allergy. Some of my relatives get into a boat and drive away, across a wooden boundary between 2 bodies of water. Uncle Lionel is shocked. "I'd never be such a fool as to do that." Then my father gets into a small row boat and I get in. He slowly and carefully goes over the wooden boundary. The motor gets caught. My father says "Uh-oh." I say, "Don't tell me uh-oh, when we're in deep water." We then get over the thing. Then I'm in a canal. An Indian guide is behind me paddling. He is reciting the legends of our people. I feel like I'm going home. (264 words)
#0151 (1980-11-23)

Earthquake. I'm at college. I know it's coming. I get out of the building and stand in a clear space. I see "downtown" buildings across the street. It hits. The top story of the building opposite me slides off (half the building), backwards, away from me. I'm relieved. A building with many people screaming in it, fear in their faces. It slides down the street into another building. People fall and are killed and hurt. I see Stan. I'm a little glad. I give him the name of Williams. I see or "feel" a building down the block fall forward into another building. I feel sick. My children are there, and so is Howard. I'm standing in a crowd. I go to see if my children are O.K. They are. I'm relieved. Howard is O.K. I'm "sort of" glad. Grudging. (140 words)
#0152 (1980-11-23)

I was on duty doing registration on a river boat. I am dressed in an English "bobby" policeman costume. A young man likes me. He wants to kiss me and take me out. I am flattered. We go to the back of the boat to watch an extension raft that has Dixieland musicians. I pat my new haircut and want my "bobby" helmet that I left somewhere. He says, "Don't worry, you don't need it." I say, "But I want it." It appears on my head. I pat it. The banjo player is central in the group. They have some difficulty staying on the raft. I agree to go out with the man. I suggest we exchange addresses. He agrees. I get teased by other counselors about my affair, but they are supportive. (133 words)
#0153 (1980-11-23)

I have died and gone to heaven. I'm confused. I'm not too sure where I am or what to do. It's a check-in counter. A tired woman (overworked) asked me if I used too many credits (like overdue books). I say, "No. If anything, I've used too few," (I feel a little guilty, like I'm lying, maybe). She has a file folder to check later. Cory is standing next to me. He has died around the same time I have. She gives us our instructions. We will now go live in the clouds. If it is too crowded, which it is getting to be by now, we will move on out into space. I feel some hesitancy about doing so. I don't want to yet. She says, "It's permissible to return to Earth and visit people. It is forbidden to make yourself known to the living. However, some of them are very sensitive and will feel our presence." I go back to Earth and sort of curl around some people. I want to hang around the ones that feel my presence and miss me. I find it hard to pull away from them. (193 words)
#0156 (1980-11-25)

Traveling mountains. Tough going. Lydia and I take a journey together. We start to look for a road or path. I say, "Not too easy, not so scenic." She points to a steep hill with trees and gravel. I look back at my mother. Then the hill is a stepladder in a closet. We climb up the ladder and get to the top shelf. We look into the next room. 2 young women, cousins. They join us on our side. Something about cold, starving, but we survive. (87 words)
#0157 (1980-11-25)

A boy is upstairs. A man comes to the door. "I," a woman, answer the door. I'm tired, spent, anger, but just old and smoldering. The boy comes downstairs. I pick him up and take him back to his room. I "see" a fire starting on the blue curtains but don't see it. I turn and go downstairs. It spreads. Then I, the young man, am being run out of town. I've burned the house and my parents. I'm a bad person. The community won't talk to me. They just point as I walk by. An older woman is speaking to the priest. Incest (incensed) that he has given me the best room in a retreat. I see Swiss cottage motel rooms. He says, "Leave him alone. He's gone through enough," (as I wake up, I'm thinking, "he's a psychic, oh, I dreamed about a psychic," but I can't remember that part). (152 words)
#0158 (1980-11-25)

The kids and I were in a house. Howard came to the door. He was going to hurt me and rape me. The kids started to go to him to open the door. I yelled, "No! What are you doing to me?" I ran to the phone. I dialed the police. I yelled, "Quick. A man is going to hurt me. I'm at XXX." I repeated the message. He came in. I ran. I was afraid (I can't remember the rest). (81 words)
#0159 (1980-11-25)

Abner, my cousin, is going to get married (only it's sort of Cory). He asks my girlfriend and me (probably Bonnie), to get the wedding ready for him. We go to the chapel but it's terribly crowded. Someone is having a wedding just before his time. We go around to the side door and peak in. Then we sneak through a skinny door to the banquet area, to get that prepared. Lots of people are there eating. They don't like us there and ask us to leave. I'm somewhat embarrassed. I try to quietly leave through the skinny door but my hand keeps getting caught in it as I try to shut it. Cory is there. He's wearing bright red lipstick. So is Bonnie. I apologize that we can't prepare before. I get butterfly feelings in my tummy because I will be a bridesmaid and have to stand up there in front of all those people (like old crowd anxiety). Cory says, "Never mind. It's O.K." We go out into hall. He has a large "baggie" with clothes in it. He says he has perfected a calming thing. If you swallow it, you will be calm, peaceful, and relaxed. I say, "Even me? Huh. I'm never like that." He says, "Even you." Then I say, "But will I be able to do anything? I don't want to be so calm that I can't do things that are interesting." He says, "No problem." He has 2, one for art and one for writing. I want the art one, thinking art is writing also. He says, "It doesn't matter." (267 words)
#0166 (1980-11-28)

I have a small part in a play. Ginny plays the mother; I play the young daughter. We rehearse it. I talk to others about the fact that I have this part. I feel some sense of consequence because I have a part. Opening night comes. Ginny can't make it. I get there and realize that I have not attended one rehearsal. Now I'm embarrassed and guilty. I don't know when I come on, or my stage blocking. I go into the women's room, which is a dressing room. Men and women are there. I have to go to the bathroom. I'm embarrassed. I sit on a toilet with no covering stall. Desmond is putting on make up and he looks over at me. I feel embarrassed because my bare butt is showing. He speaks to me. I say, "I need to find the director." The play starts. Ethan is in the audience already. I see a man who is like a stage manager. I go to him and tell him who I am. He comes with me to another room down the hall to hear me do the part. I start to sing. He's interested in the voice quality, but I forget the words. I make excuses. I say, "I can't think why I didn't attend any rehearsals, oh I know, I was sick. I had a cold for a week and a half." I laughed nervously knowing there is no excuse to miss rehearsal. I'm amazed he's still considering me to go on. Ginny shows up. She's late and disorganized and not ready. The man says, "Practice and we'll see." (272 words)
#0167 (1980-11-28)

I'm crawling up some stairs. I have roller skates on my feet, wire rim glasses on and I carry a white, collapsible cane. A man asks me if I need help. He uses sign language and yells like I'm deaf. I'm annoyed with him and explain that I'm not totally blind, it's just my periphery vision that's gone. I go on my way. I'm shopping. I'm in a large department store, like Payless. My daughter Dovre is around but I can't see her. I remember that I'm going to meet her. I skate past many aisles of merchandise. I skate into the restaurant. I see several empty tables but decide to eat later. (113 words)
#0168 (1980-11-28)

I am in the wilderness with a man (he's like Clint Eastwood). There is some attraction but I don't trust him so I rebuff him, and keep him at a distance. He starts to make love. I say, "Don't, I'm not interested in just sex, I want you to care about me." We're a little frustrated and angry with each other. I look up. There is a big hill and a cave. I go through the cave entrance and inside the cave is an open, grassy warm, hillside. The top of the cave opens to the sky. I have to travel to the top of the mountain to see what's on the other side. I go there. There are rooms. Some people are there. I don't trust them but they seem to be the ones that can transform me to a better being. One starts operating on me. He cuts me open. I'm now watching the operation near by. He messes around with my organs. I ask the person being operated on if it hurts, as they are awake. He or she says, "No, I've got acupuncture, and I don't feel it." It looks awful, blood and guts. The head is worked on. The person can now see and understand better. I step outside to see what's on the other side of the mountain as I'm now at the top. Fog, unclear, a sense of cold, and some uneasiness. (239 words)
#0171 (1980-11-30)

I was going camping, out by a river. 2 very tall giants were out there and they were trying to kill me. They were facing each other and I was running for cover between them. The only cover I could find was in the leg or the big toe of one giant. One giant killed the giant I was hiding in (or very near), and that giant killed the other one. They both fell to the ground. I crept out and lay down between them to sleep. Then the 2 giants were regular people, 2 men and a woman. We had no blankets and it was getting cold. The girl was complaining to her mate. We talked about the coldness of the river near by. I felt the cold of the air. I said, "I have a van (VW bus) near by. I have blankets. I'll get some." I did so. Then I was washing the VW bus with a hose of cold water (from the river). I was referred to as the "big Mama." I had power in the group. They listened to me. It was time to drive away. I did so. I am watching the bus leave. The tires were on the absolute edge of the precipice as I turned the vehicle around, but no problem. I saw the tire tracks right on the edge. (228 words)
#0174 (1980-12-02)

I woke up later and saw the word "homosexual" or heard it. It was small. I thought, "Oh lord, no wonder I'm blocking." Then I thought maybe this means I am a homosexual, or just think I'm one, or afraid that I am one. I told myself to dream deeper. To explain more, that no matter what, I could handle it. It was better to live with no blocks, knowing myself as I truly am. Meanwhile, Nate had come over, really drunk, smelling of vomit and tried to make love to me. After he left, I had these dreams. (99 words)
#0175 (1980-12-02)

I was in a house. It was rich. I wasn't welcomed. Nate was there, drunk and stinking. He kept chasing me, trying to make love to me. I was going up a long staircase and he'd catch me. I was not thrilled. A woman, his wife I think, was around and distrustful. I kept hearing a word, I don't know if it was "Forgiven" or "Forbidden." (66 words)
#0177 (1980-12-03)

I am in acting class, during a break. I'm outside. I notice a commotion and see that Desmond has come back to town. He's greeting friends. He sees me. I smile. He holds out his arms to hug me. I walk into the hug. I feel slightly uptight and glad to see him. I say, "There's a chair near where I'm sitting. I'll clear it off for you." He says, "Great." I've got books all over it. I clear it off. I'm chewing bubble gum. I'm on the floor picking up books and papers and my mouth keeps filling with saliva. I am aware that he is preparing to show the class his scene that he left town to do. I look up. He's doing a male strip tease. He has an earring in one ear. He does a satire on stripping with a mild bump and grind. He runs to the audience. It looks like he's running to me and then he goes on to other members of the class. He dances around a large fat man. Then, 2 girls bring a pile of sheets and hold it around him so he can change his costume. (197 words)
#0182 (1980-12-11)

I had center coverage at 1:30 in the morning. The phone rang. It was Claire K, a client, then she changed to Ernie. He was threatening me. He was going to kill me. He was standing outside my locked door. I could see his feet through the crack at the bottom of the door. I quietly picked up the phone to call the police. The line was busy (twice). (69 words)
#0183 (1980-12-11)

I dreamt that I woke up to see my daughter Paulina floating on the ceiling. She was naked, with long blonde hair, sleeping in a curled position. I got frightened and looked to my right to be reassured that Paulina was her regular little girl self asleep beside me. She was, and I calmed down. I had a sense of fear about this visualization, like I was seeing her/me in a past life. (73 words)
#0185 (1980-12-13)

There was a meeting. A woman was lecturing. She gave us papers and we tested ourselves on some language disorder (we didn't have it; we were counselors and needed to know about the new test). Rochelle whispered to me, "Shouldn't we ask her about her spinal disability?" I said, "No! Goodness, you know how you feel when people ask you personal questions." We argued. I then got a phone call. It was a client (Terrance). I answered the phone briskly. He stammered and said, "Never mind." I felt badly and tried to be supportive. He hung up. Rochelle and I continued to argue, so I went up to the lady and diplomatically asked her impersonal questions to find out if she had a spinal disease. She fielded it and never answered. I dropped it. I left. When I got down to the street, I looked up at the windows. Rochelle put signs and pictures indicating to the world that I was a bastard and an all together rotten person. I shrugged my shoulders but felt embarrassed, because the counselors would all see it. I decided it didn't matter. I went into building across street and into my room. Co-worker Tyler and other counselors were there. They had decorated my room with Xmas things. Tyler was smiling and saying, "2 years ago, we didn't have a chance to properly welcome you. So we're doing it now." It was pleasant. (238 words)
#0186 (1980-12-15)

I was in a house, a ranch house. Paul Newman came in. We discussed what it was like when he took acting from the same teacher I am taking it from. He described doing real acting assignments in Hollywood. I was disappointed because all we do is rehearse and perform in class. I felt envious of his good experiences and sad that it still wasn't that way. As we were talking, a feeling of camaraderie developed. I then saw a flood rising outside. My rancher father was concerned because he'd have to ride out and see if it would threaten our ranch. I ran to the door and stopped him. I said, "Wait. I'm a better rider and lighter. I'll go." He refused. I said, "Are you afraid that if something happens to me, others will talk because I'm a girl and you should have gone." He muttered, "Ya." I got ready to go. I looked out the window. Water was swirling around. Paul Newman looked to the mountains and said, "It's not so bad." I drew him to the window and showed him. We were looking at the wrong place. He gave me his T-shirt to wear. It was too tight and he had to help me put it on. I was embarrassed. The water was rising and we had to escape out the window. We swam and found a high niche of ground and crawled up there. We kissed. There was a feeling of closeness. We really liked and respected each other. Then, the water receded and we had to go back. He and I were sad because we had to part. He was married and was in love with his wife. I got my horse and sloshed through the lowering water level back to the ranch alone. (300 words)
#0187 (1980-12-17)

Nate dove into a pool and was caught by something strong and fierce, maybe a snake because he swirled and struggled in a downward struggle. I felt very detached. Then, I was sitting in my room and I heard a door in the back slam. Nate stumbled in clutching his stomach. He was in terrible pain. I went to him and he cried out in pain when I touched him. He said, "Call the hospital. I was attacked!" I was shook up. I tried to comfort him and looked for the hospital # in the phone book. I was looking in the yellow pages. I couldn't find it. I felt scared and frustrated. I talked to Nate. "It's going to be all right." He said, "Hurry, hurry, oh, the pain." I felt guilty because I realized that I had watched him struggle and didn't lift a finger to help him. I was also aware that the attack was meant for me. We were 1 block from the hospital. I said, "Can I help you over there?" He cried out, "No, get an ambulance because of the pain!," (possible internal injuries). I tried looking in the white pages, but I couldn't find it, and then I noticed the part of the pages in the "S's" had been tampered with. I felt ominous, like the attacker had done it. I tried the yellow pages again. In frustration, I called information. A tired woman came on and said, "I'll help you look for your number but I won't do it for you." I explained the emergency and she grudgingly agreed to find it while I was waiting. I said, "Oh, I guess I can't visit you because I'll run into your wife." He said, "Yes you can, I'll call when it's clear." (299 words)
#0190 (1980-12-18)

I go to a meeting. I walk in. I bring co-workers Josh and Dylan in with me. I sit in a high backed office chair (that has a foot rest like Dr. X's chair). I sit in it to get hypnotized. My chair is facing to the right, perpendicular to desk. An old lady and a detective are on the bench with Josh and Dylan and look to the man behind the desk. I introduce, "Josh, Director of C. and Dylan, Coordinator of Counseling." The man behind the desk observes these guys with their titles and he introduces himself with some large title. Josh looks like his usual confused and uncertain self. Dylan looks supportive. I ask the man if he's done as I had asked, to find the person and all about him without letting him know anything about me. The detective and the old lady then took me to find this person. I don't know who it is (maybe my father). (163 words)
#0194 (1980-12-21)

There is some sort of meeting. A bunch of male counselors and me. Hank, Tyler, some others and I meet on an island. This is our second meeting. The first one was five years ago. We greet each other enthusiastically. I'm talking to Hank. I'm reminiscing about the first meeting. I say, "Can you imagine, we had Nixon and XXX, his side kick, here. I say it somewhat hushed because I'm not sure if everybody feels the same way I do. I'm amazed that we'd have sickies like that in our group. (92 words)
#0195 (1980-12-21)

I'm teaching class. One of my students is questioning something. I'm being patient. Co-worker Josh and Pedro come to see me. They are full of some news or concern. They show me a large board with metal bars displayed on it. These are the new bars for the jail. They strike the bars and musical notes sound. It's very pretty. They say, "But, well, radical Feminists." I say, "I don't understand." They look embarrassed. One says, "You know what we mean." I say, "No, I don't. Please explain." They start to explain but it's confusing. It's something about how awful it will be to have radical Feminists in the same jail as the physically disabled. Contamination, bad stuff. I am a little amused by them. I say, "I still don't understand." They say, "Wait, we'll get something and come back to explain." They leave. I feel that they are leaving to get more at ease so they can come back and not be so embarrassed. There are 2 metal boxes. They are hot. It's a train. A little girl gets out of one box. Then a metal tong reaches into the second box. Many letters and papers and money are pulled out. The metal tongs are necessary because everything in the box is so hot. The papers and financial stuff are cooling. There is a feeling that the little girl is poor and an object of fun. (237 words)
#0196 (1980-12-22)

I wanted some ice cream. I bought some hot buttered rum, really syrupy and sugary. I took it home to the old house in M City. My mother saw it and said, "Oh, now, I'll pay for that." I said, "No, it's O.K. You don't have to pay me back. Just have some." But even as I said it, I knew she would pay me back and I would accept gladly. Later, I told my brother Dwight that my van wasn't running quite right. There was a loping in the motor sound. I said, "I guess I'll take it to be fixed. How much will it cost?" He said, "I'll do it for you and won't charge much." My mother wore blue jeans. (123 words)
#0200 (1980-12-23)

Ginny and I have an argument. She's explaining something to me. I find it hard to listen. I then see she's saying and doing some incredible things. Things and words and colors are coming out of her mouth like vomit. I'm scared and concerned for her and I'm also upset because these things have meaning for me, to help me. I ask her what drug she's on. My brother Dwight is there. She says, "9." I ask Dwight what that is. She follows me around and won't stop. After what seems like a long time, I start to do it too. Suddenly I see dazzling, sparkling blue and red colors like fireworks or prism colors on the end of my tongue. Ginny's face goes out of focus. I am aware that I'm letting go and I'm in a different state of awareness. I talk rapidly, non-stop, and I'm vaguely aware that I might be saying hurtful things that could hurt other people's feelings, but I know I must and it's O.K. It spews out of me unchecked. (177 words)
#0201 (1980-12-23)

I'm in a large room. A sort of party is happening. There are lots of people. I know them. Some are counselors. One is reading a joke. I listen. It's about a bull. Suddenly I realize the end of the joke is "blue balls" and I say, "Oh!," and get up and walk out. I don't want to hear the rest of the joke. They laugh at me for my prudishness/innocence. I'm a little embarrassed (they are being good-natured, not mean). I go into the other room. I notice that they've changed the floor coverings. There used to be 1/2 carpet and 1/2 green linoleum on the floor. Now there's carpet in one and linoleum in the other. The linoleum is padded. I hear them tell another story/joke. I hear the words "wheelchair," and I think the other word is "free." I'm not sure. I'm interested and go back into 1st room. They laugh again because they knew my attention would be caught. (163 words)
#0202 (1980-12-23)

The girls and I are somewhere. I have a new cat. He's there to replace the other one. The cat's job is to hold things for me. I hold the cat (a half-grown kitten), and he holds the articles in question, some yarn and other things. He's new on the job and drops some things. He apologizes and says he'll get it. I suggest that if I hold him sideways to my chest, he will be more comfortable and will be able to hold the articles better. He agrees to try. I change his position. He's being held like a baby. His little paws are curled up over his fat little tummy. The girls and I are walking past a building. It's an apartment. I hear gospel singing. The windows shine with light. I am sneaking by quietly. I don't want to disturb my neighbors. I peek in and see blacks singing (women with bandannas on their heads). I enjoy the music but somehow feel drawn and simultaneously hold back from it. We go on. (175 words)
#0204 (1980-12-24)

I'm at work, which is like a set of bleachers. I talk to a lot of people, and go to a meeting about dial-a-bus. My cousin Terence comes driving back into town. He comments to me that he thinks he'll hang out around town for the winter and maybe permanently if the XXX industry will get its act together (furniture or construction). Terence is also sort of my brother Dwight. I'm glad he's around. He travels so much. A race car with a man, chubby, with a guitar and some woman comes to town. He sets up for a concert. I am getting some of my clothes that are laying around the bleachers as he is setting up. I ask someone where the blue bag of clothes is. She says, "Over there." As I go to it, the man with the guitar steps his foot in it as he is playing and singing. I get down on my knees and look up at him and politely ask him to move. He does so. I pull out various turtle neck sweaters. He is singing "Ghost Riders in the Sky." I sing along with him. He hears me and starts singing the high part. I sing real low, at the lowest edge of my voice limit. I forget some of the words. The women just look at me, like I'm infringing on this man's concert. He's being somewhat patronizing and I'm showing off, hoping someone will notice my nice voice. (248 words)
#0206 (1980-12-25)

A vocational rehab counselor was questioning me about my cousin Sonja and her capabilities as a VR counselor in the coast office. I told him that Sonja and I go back as far as birth. She had a few things to learn yet, but she was pretty good. He said he wanted to know more. We got into a car and drove to the M City house. There was some snow on the ground. I suggested that he park in the driveway. I say, "Turn right into the driveway." He obstinately turned left into a bank of dirt and snow. He and I agree that that won't do. He turned the car around and parked on the street, facing the "bad corner." I was concerned but saw another car was parked right on the corner so that we were protected from collision. We go into the house. I took him the full length of the house to the far end. I say, "Let's start at the oldest part." It was a freshly remodeled room, empty of furniture, and freshly painted. I told him how this used to be a half-finished garage. I pointed out where the grape vines used to be. It was now a lovely wall with windows. We moved to the next room, the rec room. I pointed to the door. I said, "It used to be somewhere else. I still can't get used to it being there and it startles me when it opens. It too has been freshly remodeled." As he and I had driven up to the house, I had pointed out the rising creek that was in flood stage. I told him that sometimes the creek came right up to the door and sometimes came in and started to flood the house. [BL] (298 words)
#0209 (1980-12-25)

I had another dream but had trouble waking up. I remembered thinking, "Forget it, I don't want to remember this one." I repeated that and then realized that it must be important. I sat up to write it down and it was gone. A "to hell with it" kind of feeling-tone, like with the light switch. The name Roger and a feeling about movement, avalanches. (65 words)
#0214 (1980-12-29)

My brother Dwight, Jake, my mother and I are in a car in a parking lot. Dwight is telling me about the gold lame dress he wore at a party. I am giggling at how funny he describes how he got a kit, a spray can of gold lame. You put a bikini-like top on, spray the paint, and put holly on. He pulls out a brochure and shows me an advertisement. He belongs to a club that gives parties, but you have to take a class if you go to a party. He points to a lovely lady in the brochure and winks at me. He then starts to park the pickup in his regular parking spot. He then changes his mind and tries to park somewhere else. The entire parking lot is empty except for one black sports car. Dwight tries to park his pickup over that car. The car is so low to the ground, and the pickup is so high, that he almost makes it. He then backs up. My mother is at the wheel now, and backing up real fast. I yell, "What are you doing?" We feel like we're out of control and now backing out into the street. She ignores me and purposefully and gaily keeps going. We're now going forward. I see big freeway signs. We're in a big city. She's going to park us (a VW bus now) near an apartment building. (241 words)
#0218 (1980-12-31)

I had some company and they left. I was tired and wanted to sleep. I could sleep sitting up in the van, passenger side, or sleep on the bench seat in the back. Both ways I'd be uncomfortable and cold, so I went to Thea's house and slept in a bed there. They weren't home. I woke up the next day and was getting ready to leave. I came out of the bedroom and found Thea and someone else there. She lectured me about taking advantage of her, using her house without permission, and she asked me if I had used anything else. I was quite annoyed with her. I wanted to leave. It didn't seem polite to leave in the middle of her lecture. She was angry. So was I. I felt guilty and caught but I also felt justified and annoyed. I wished I had chosen to sleep in my cold van. Then, I just decided to leave. I said, "Bye." She was miffed. I was then in a library, borrowing books. The female that was with Thea was also borrowing books. She was jealous of something. I talked to my brother Dwight. [BL] (195 words)
#0225 (1981-01-06)

A nightmare. Entities or souls or creatures from other planets are coming to meld with humans and take our spirits away. I am very frightened. The children are the first to go and then the adults. It's a terrible feeling of the fear of losing myself as through death or absorption into another. They come, 3 of them. The one coming for me is a big man in a chicken hawk suit with red and blue fluffy feathers. He talks like an English pirate (irate)? We meld and a transparent form of my body is tucked under his wing and off we fly. What a ride. I can feel my stomach lurch as we go zipping up to the cosmos and down again. It's like a jet plane. We get to their planet. Then a man gets shot and falls. I'm surprised because I thought, "1.) No one dies here, and 2.) ugly, mean people don't exist here." They take the body of a 2 yr old baby and this shot man's soul goes into the baby. His face, is only softened and rounded like a baby. I'm appalled because they had told me we were just being borrowed. Now I know we were being lied to. I feel awful. I tell Nate to run. "I'm sorry I got you into this mess." (223 words)
#0228 (1981-01-09)

I am on an airplane. The purpose of the ride is to entertain the kids. I have a job as a "Granny"; that's where you dress up as an old woman and sit on a chair at the back of the stairs. The kids sit at bottom of stairs and talk to you. You entertain them. Then I have the makeup all over my face to look old and peek in to see someone else doing it. The kids are staring at me. I laugh and say, "I guess I look funny with all this old lady makeup on." Then it is a bus and the driver (a fat ugly woman), gets out at a rest stop. Now I'm fighting 3 men that are getting on the bus. I point to one, a young good-looking man, and call him Satan. They are evil and I must protect myself by killing them. [BL] (151 words)
#0232 (1981-01-12)

I'm in bed. I wake up with the ceiling leaking on my face in a steady stream. I get up and my parents come to look at the leak. I am explaining to them how I woke up with water pouring on my face. Then Shannon calls. I say, "Hey! I'm awake," and she says, "Ya, I know why, because of our main class." I say, "Ya, that too of course, but you'll never guess what happened. The ceiling is leaking right on my face." There is an ominous silence at her end and I realize I've offended her because my excitement over the class took second priority. (108 words)
#0235 (1981-01-15)

I'm in the back seat of a car. Terence (my cousin) gets in with me. He wants to neck. He starts kissing me and so forth. I accept it but feel not too good about it. He's my cousin and there are other people in the car. It starts to feel good sexually so I think, "Eh, what the heck." Then he says, "You turn and change position." He had been touching my breast. Now he wants me to touch his penis. I sit up and move away. I think, "No, that's going to far. I don't want to." I start talking to other people in the car (my parents in front, and my brother Dwight next to us). We're driving country roads. My father stops the car by a mailbox to look at a shallow stream. There might be good rock hounding material there. My mother is embarrassed because someone is getting their mail and might wonder why we stopped by their mail box. My father is annoyed with my mother and vice versa. We then drive on. We come to Ka-ne-ta, an Indian Resort. There are lots of people. My father points one out. He calls him a special name. He's a Chief or something. I decide to knit. I open a package, a kit. Part of the knitting has been done. It's a delicate lacy pattern, pink, baby sweater-like. (232 words)
#0236 (1981-01-16)

Ginny is helping me fix up/clean up my house. Will S comes in. We like each other. He starts to caress me and we initially agree, non-verbally, to make love. We take off our clothes and lay on the dining room table. At first, I am concerned because he's an older man and I think maybe he won't feel good, but he's strong and sensual and the experience is very enjoyable. It lasts a long time. There are interruptions. Ginny and her two sons come in and talk to me. We stop making love and I tell her to go away now. She looks hurt and wants to stay. I gently ask her to leave for awhile. Her sons are fighting. Will S tells them how to get along. Then a candle is burning near us. My mother appears and says, "Here, I'll move that, it can burn the wood, or your hair." I say firmly, "Here, give me back the candle," and firmly put it back where I want it. She looks hurt and looks around for something to straighten or fix. She leaves. Will S and I continue. I feel embarrassed because it is taking me so long. He understands and doesn't mind. It feels good. [BL] (208 words)
#0237 (1981-01-16)

Co-worker Tyler is typing. He is smoking a cigarette. It's in his ear. He follows me up a long flight of stairs. He backs a shopping cart/amigo wheelchair down the stairs. I am concerned for him but he's doing fine. He comes back up. We kiss and I feel very happy. He loves me and I love him. We walk hand in hand. I think, "College this time is the way it should be." I thought of college the last time where lots of men went through my life. I felt solid, secure, and happy with Tyler, like finally, I've found someone special to love. (105 words)
#0238 (1981-01-16)

There is some danger. A woman friend or relative has turned against me. I must lock the door against her and run. An old house. A man is with her. There is a sign on the floor. It's the word "bear" and represents a pet dog of co-worker Tyler's. He's not allowed to keep it. I feel sad for him. There is a deep, deep hole where the pet is. (70 words)
#0239 (1981-01-17)

I was in a locker room adjoining the swimming pool. Two girls and myself were getting ready to go in. We got white swimming caps to put on. Mine had a brim like a baby's bonnet. I was having some difficulty stuffing my long hair into it. We were late for our class. We decided to play hookey. The men's class came back into the locker room. There was something about auditioning in a play. Then I put on a beautiful white dress. It was an old-fashioned wedding dress. I thought, "It's beautiful." I looked in mirror. It was a trick mirror. I looked squashed, out of proportion. The lace work on the dress was lovely. I looked at the back of the dress. I saw a beautiful, lacy bustle. It was laying across a stuffed animal's tail. I was sitting on a large, stuffed, duck billed platypus. The yellow cloth bill was in front and the other girl (who had made the bustle and had so informed me when I exclaimed about its existence with, "Well, I know that, I made it"), and I are playing puppets. We laughed. It was time to take the dress off and give it back. I was going to be an actress. (209 words)
#0242 (1981-01-19)

I am trying to figure out how to simulate flight in zero gravity to show my class. My father suggests I get some swings and swing up high. When I start to fall back down, I'll feel free flight. I try it. They are surprised I can do it. Then I see something that belongs to Corrine in the financial aid office. Then Curtis of Nighthawks (the harmonica player), is watching me. I go to a small office where I'm locked in by him. I look around the desk. I am aware that I've found some secret things, a file folder with paper. A voice (male) on the telephone asks me some questions and I answer carefully pretending that I'm whomever he thinks he's talking to. I see tape cassettes in the desk drawer and I think, "Talk Southern." He gets suspicious. I stay there all night. Curtis comes to open the door and I have hidden under my clothes some papers that are incriminating. He's suspicious of me but I get away with it. (175 words)
#0245 (1981-01-20)

A group of people go moving into an old store front in a city. I see several women that I had gone to the lst and 2nd grade with. I've come back to live. Another woman, my brother and I are looking over the apartment. There are lots and lots of rooms, old fashioned furniture. There are lots of pianos, pretty little ones, antiques, huge mirrors, and a leather flat bag. I start to look in it and think, "I don't want to see what's in here." I look anyway. A baby or a cat is in there. It looks at me and glares. I cover it back up. Then I'm at a dance with lots of guys. Then I'm back at the apartment, looking for a room for my bedroom. I knock on a door and say, "I'm coming in." A guy is in there. He's upset. It's his room. I apologize. I've walked into someone else's apartment. This woman and I keep going to other rooms. I'm holding the cat now. I'm in an evening dress. The woman and I find a room. There are gays in there. She lies down. The cat is upset and runs away. I lie down beside her. Her husband, latin or black, holding their baby, stumbles in drunk and lays down on the other side of her. She is annoyed with him. I have a feeling we're going to make love and I feel scared. My brother and my father are wandering around. (251 words)
#0246 (1981-01-21)

I have to "babysit" or assist a quack. He's withdrawn and somewhat helpless. I take him home with me, the old duplex Howard and I lived in when I was pregnant with Dovre. The only place to sleep is on a roll-away bed in the living room. I lay down beside him. I have my back turned to him. I'm aware of my body, some what tense. Behind he's paralyzed, he can't feel me. He wants to hear music. He asks me to put on a record. I get up and look on the old card table. There are albums all over it. He gets up (walks stiff and holds hands stiff), and points to an album and says, "Oh, go ahead and play it, and get it over with. Then I can hear what I like." I look at it, Old English Madrigals. I say, "Now, I'm tired of it," so I find the jacket to put it away. "What do you want to hear? It's O.K. I'll play it." I'm called to the phone. My sister Lydia asks what I'm doing at the old place. I say "Oh, it's O.K., I'm just here for a day or two, then back to my new house." "Oh, I'm glad, " she says. Then Bill E. is outside the window. I follow him. Now he's a woman, going dancing. He's wearing a bright yellow dress. In order to dance, since he's/she's paralyzed, there are two suction cups like tassels on her breasts that are attached to a glass sheet. She ungulates around being supported by those cups. It stretches the breasts and I think, "Ugh. That must hurt. But at least she's getting out and having fun." I am pleased as she's not being withdrawn as much now. (297 words)
#0247 (1981-01-21)

I'm listening to a tape cassette and ten recordings on it. I get the tape messed up and I'm trying to rewind it back on. I am concerned because it's important. Several women are laughing an sneering at me, like I'm stalling and trying to destroy the tape. A Rolls Royce comes and stops by me. A lot of people get out. The star (like Mickey Rooney), gets out. He comes to me and we kiss. His show comes through town every so often and he sees me then and then leaves. His entourage sneer at me. We go for a walk. We kiss. Then he says, "Sorry babe, time to leave now," he goes away, and then he comes back for the next visit. That is our relationship. He asks me how I've been. He asks me if I have practiced and if I'm walking better. I say, "Sure." Then he starts to say goodbye and leaves and then he turns and comes back. He says, "No, I'm staying. We'll stay together. You'll practice and I'll make sure." I'm pleased and not pleased all at the same time. I get what I asked for and now not sure that's what I want. [BL] (203 words)
#0248 (1981-01-21)

I am a teacher at a grade school. A man teacher follows me around teasing me to be in a puppet show (hand held puppets that are so heavy you wear part of it). He's funny and I keep laughing. He won't let me alone, so I'm laughing and saying no and telling him to go away. Then I reluctantly agree to do it. I play a lady horse. The wire and cardboard on my arm is very heavy. I sashay around and sing and shinny. I'm very funny. The guy is aggressive, sharp-witted and persistent. He likes me but it's overwhelming. (102 words)
#0249 (1981-01-21)

My good-looking "husband" and I are divorced. He's directing a play. I am a designer or script writer. I wear my hair long, with jeans, informal, and I go backstage. He is flabbergasted at me and watches nervously. His second wife is there (as I hopped up on stage, I have to be careful not to step on placemats and napkins. The stage shakes like an earthquake and made walking difficult). I strike up a conversation and lead her into a discussion about her first wife, i.e. me. I don't tell her who I am. He can't stand seeing us together talking, so he comes back to "work on the set" near us. He's painting shades of pink on the set. The stuff he's standing on (cardboard), starts to break and fall. He runs in place as it avalanches under his feet and into the water. Someone asks him how much is lost. He can't tell because it's underwater. I then have to leave, because I have a debt to pay and must go to the bank. I come back, dressed in a nice suit with my hair up. Now I can be identified as "Jean," his first wife. My husband and his second wife are on stage and I walk up to them (only my conscious perspective is with the second wife now). She/I is apprehensive about the classiness of the 1st wife. The "husband" then wants to be with the 1st wife. He follows her. They still love each other. (252 words)
#0252 (1981-01-23)

I am in a house. It's near the edge of a canyon. I see two volcanoes blow up. I see huge ash plumes. I see some water splashing up over the edge of the canyon and I'm aware that the house and I are in changes. I tell Howard, "We have to get out." He's calm and ridicules me for getting excited over nothing. I see the water getting closer and grab the three girls and run for it. He is following me and telling me what a fool I am. I look back and I see an older man, a para, out of his chair, sitting on the floor. Water is raging and swirling around him. A black carpet, carried by the water, covers him. He's caught. I run to a telephone booth. Someone is in it. I see another. I get to it. It's not a regular one; it's a narrow, funny looking phone. I don't know how to operate it. I search in my coat pocket for a dime. Howard offers a quarter. I am relieved. I have my own dime, so I don't have to accept his money. I try to use the phone, but the buttons are more like my radio. (206 words)
#0253 (1981-01-23)

Snatches of the other dream. Sandy C, hypnosis. Someone put a yellow tattoo color on my ear. I was angry that they would use me so badly without my permission. I said, "If I wanted a tattoo, I'd get a little butterfly on my left shoulder but not a big yellow one on my ear." The man just used me to see if the color would work. I was angry. (70 words)
#0255 (1981-01-24)

I am with a group of people. I see the ocean. I am near a jungle. I am a leader, like Katherine Hepburn. My daughter (young teen) is stolen by a gorilla. We are searching for her. I take lots of large hair pins out of my long blonde hair and drop them in a pool of water. They go "plop, plop." Some nice man is watching me in the dream. I then go to a banquet. There lots of long tables. One man wearing a red shirt sits at a table. I am interested in him and vice versa. I walk past him and sit at the foot of the next table. Another man (possibly Howard), comes over to sit next to me. I firmly place my arms across the place setting on either side of me. He says, "Oh, can I sit here?," (new to me). I say, "No." Then he says, "How about here?," and chooses a chair next to the place next to me. I shrug and say, "O.K." He then chooses one more chair removed from me and sits. I feel good. I flirt with the man in a red shirt. (196 words)
#0256 (1981-01-27)

Two people were digging a path in the sand to channel water to flow to the ocean from a large house. There were two paths. The water flowed by the house. A fence of water was in the middle of the one close to the house. I asked my brother to push back the fence so I could walk in the water to follow it to the ocean. It was resistant but he could move it. I then waded to the ocean. I was disappointed to see that the water hadn't made it that far. I saw sand and dirt. I felt the channels were wasting water. I saw the ocean waves coming up the dry path and covered it all. Then there were a series of tasks I had to do to be able to leave the house and go on my own. I did these all successfully, except the last one which was very hard. I had to look at a picture and weave a reproduction of it. I attempted it but the weave was loose. It was close enough. Someone, a girl cousin, was snotty to me. I then was figuring out my monthly payments on my van. 7 to 9 months at $125 each month. $105 was principle and $20 was the finance charge. I figured I'd have it paid off in a few months (July or August). (232 words)
#0258 (1981-01-28)

I am looking for a cat. My family and I are in a big house. We come away with 4 cats and 2 puppies. I have a white full grown but small cat in my arms. I'm petting it. My brother Dwight has puppies. My father, driving the car, turns and says, "You're going to have to give them back or pay for the food yourself." (66 words)
#0259 (1981-01-28)

I am auditioning to be a singer. I'm good. The piano player, Cory, and I are a good team. We fall in love. Years later, we are standing before an audience and telling the story of how it all started. I hug Cory and tell the audience how I snuck into the "big" auditions and was so good they had to notice. I told them how special Cory was in my life. It was a mutual admiration society. (78 words)
#0260 (1981-01-29)

Blake, his wife and adopted son came by to visit me. I was glad. I enjoyed the talk. There was a small sense of uncomfortableness because Blake and I used to have a relationship, but we all worked at it being comfortable. I thought that even though they didn't make it to my party, at least I see them now. It was a good thing that I called them. I asked Blake to hang around and watch me work. I was learning new stuff. He agreed. I got suited up for surgery. I was like a practicum student at an emergency surgery. We went into the emergency surgery room. It was a party atmosphere because it was like "Super Bowl" day. We all agreed to chose code names. Mabel was given a name and I said, "No. It's better to call her 'clown'." We looked at each other, agreeing. I felt good I made this connection because the name had significance for her and I remembered I was "collected try" or something like that written in lifesavers. My brother Dwight or Cory was chastised for being uppity because he was a counselor. I thought, "Ha, they have snobbish classified staff here too." The teaching doctor asked me if I wanted to stay and watch. I said, "Yes, for a while and I also want to spend part of the day out front working," (intakes, etc). My old block car, the comet, was in the dream somewhere. They started talking about which team they rooted for. I thought, "No, I want to root for...," and then thought of the "M's," but I wanted to root for the M City team but I couldn't remember their name. (285 words)
#0262 (1981-01-30)

I was feeling tired and my father was concerned. We were at Grandma Agnes' house. We got in the car to go somewhere. Then, for some reason, I needed to go back to the house. I got out to walk back, feeling annoyed that I'd have to walk all that distance. My father felt badly about it as well, so he walked part of the way with me along a dirt road, somewhat muddy. After I got going, I saw that I was O.K. and told my father I could make it by myself and he could go on. I went on alone. As I got near the house, a man was following me. I went in, to the enclosed front porch. He came in and talked. I suspected him. He might have tried to make advances. I felt my father's concern. Then I decided he was not going to hurt me and he went on his way. (158 words)
#0265 (1981-01-31)

Ginny and I rush home because Blake and Keith are going to come over to visit us for dinner. As we come into the lobby of the apartment building, we see Blake and Keith. They are drunk. "Wahoo," we think. I'm in a hurry to get to the kitchen to finish dinner prep. We go up an elevator. It's not the regular one. It's skinny. I think, "Hum. No room for a wheelchair." We then are in a store where everything's on sale, Wards/Penny's. I try to get through the jumbled aisles, but everything and everybody is in my way. I walk over and around jumbled boxes of slippers. I see some that have heels high enough I could wear. I'm interested but keep going. People are in the way. I try another way, clothes and appliances. I see an automobile tuning light for only $64. I decide that's a good deal, but I'm concerned because I've already over spent. Blake follows me. I look and under his overcoat he's hollow, empty. The coat is stiff, like looking up a christmas tree or a toy. We roll him to the apartment. I finally get there. Ginny buys something. The sales lady demands to know if she paid her $11 monthly money yet. Ginny gives a disjointed explanation (half lying). (219 words)
#0270 (1981-02-01)

I am older, maybe late forties or early fifties. I audition for a part in a play. The teacher, a woman older than me, doesn't approve of me. I don't get the part. I then go into the cafeteria of a school. I am wearing a bright red suit, and my hair is carefully done via beauty parlor (blue). I am given the silent treatment because I'm different. I feel confident and self-righteous. I know I'm doing the right thing and I smile to myself. I can handle this. (89 words)
#0271 (1981-02-01)

I am even older, late 60's or so. I go back and audition again. I tell them, "I know the play was written for two young women and a little boy, but I think it would be good material to do the play with older players, but don't change any of the dialogue." They reluctantly agree. I go home now, after talking to the middle-aged man who got the part of the little boy. I am now on roller skates. I can't remember exactly where my house is. If I turn left, I go up hill. If I turn right, I go down hill. I turn right knowing that it is harder to roller skate down hill. I have trouble stopping. The ride is like a roller coaster. I look for rough surfaces to slow me down. I find my house. There are lots of people on the front lawn. I join them. It's a meeting. Ethan is the leader. I listen, then decide it's time to act. I raise my hand and say, "May I have permission to write 'Dear Friends and Colleagues'," a P.R. letter about the play. He agrees. The others are amazed at my braveness. I had a job to do and I did it. (209 words)
#0272 (1981-02-04)

Another person and I are at a zoo. Two large and dangerous wild cats get loose. They start chasing us. We run and end up cornered in the empty hay loft of a barn. To defend myself, I pull out two small short bladed rickety pocket knives. They are dull. The sassy mountain lion comes up close and pulls out his pocket knife, which is like mine. I feel afraid because I am inadequately defended. He and I circle each other and then we start to laugh at the silliness of the situation. We agree to be blood brothers. He cuts his thumb with his knife and I cut mine with my knife and we mix the blood. Then we talk about how we can work together. I point out that if he stays in a particular area, he won't scare the neighbors and I'll give him classes and teach him enjoyable things. I introduce him to 3 teachers. Then I see a well-manicured hedge. (165 words)
#0274 (1981-02-05)

Shannon and I go on a vacation, just like last time. We get into a VW bug. She starts to drive. We stop at a restaurant to use the rest room. We carry our cats in. I have a Jay cat (a cousin of mine). She has Mama cat. Jay cat looks up at me, and asks if Papa cat is coming on the trip, I say, "No, but Mama cat is. We'll have a good time." Then I point out my new "jivin'" hair cut. I choose to drive the rest of the way to give Shannon a rest. I carry the suit cases. I think maybe we'll take a different route this time. I think of Tennessee. [BL] (119 words)
#0276 (1981-02-05)

My grandmother Mildred is ill. She is dying. She wants grandpa Lloyd with her. We are in the living room. I see grandfather coming in to see her. He is younger looking and thin. He smiles and looks like he's gone through some emotional changes, like he's finally in touch with his feelings. Grandma is scared and needs his support. He knows that and gives her a present and talks about how he'd love to be there with her but he just can't, so much to do, etc. He talks like her and I look at my parents and think, "See you all ways got on her case but she learned it from him." He's trying to do the polite thing and escape. She's practically begging him to be real and close with her. It's like grandfather has just discovered warmth and youth and knows he hasn't long to enjoy it and is insensitive to her and wants to leave her. He starts to leave. I am angry. I run after him and grab him at the porch. A younger cousin (with eyes like my kitty), wants to talk to him and gets there first. I say, "Grandfather, I want to talk with you." He says, "Well, I have to leave now, and he was here first." I look at the cousin and look at him, silently pleading for him to understand my need and then say to grandfather, "How can you do this to her?!" I then feel empathy and say, "I know you need XXX. I know you XXX, but she needs you. How can you be so cruel to her?" He's walking to the car and I'm following, crying, "Grandfather! Grandfather!," and sobbing. He won't listen. He's on his way. (293 words)
#0277 (1981-02-07)

A flying dream. Sometimes it was easy to get up and soar. Other times, it was a real struggle. I was in a large department store. I had to fly above florescent lights and under wires. It was a struggle. Then, Bonnie and I visit a woman. She brings out her old maternity clothes for Bonnie to try on. We both say, "Oh, how cute!" I say, "...But it's not my style, thank goodness." It's tailored, peter pan collar, pleated skirt, and brown. I look at myself and remember what it was like to be pregnant and I'm relieved I'm not. I then fly again. I'm in a grocery store. I pick out bananas and other things. I look around for a store clerk. I ask Cory if he snuck some ham before he went to chicken. He said, "Yes." I start to. I'm afraid I'll get caught but I don't have enough money to buy all the food I need. (161 words)
#0278 (1981-02-08)

Two doors, one marked "Men" and one marked "Women." I go into the men's room because I am guiding a man through. I hope no one's in there to see me. I'd be embarrassed. The door opens into a narrow hall and goes to another door which opens into a school hall with offices off of it. Then I am going into one of the offices to talk to Leif, an older PE teacher. He's upset about one woman student. I reassure him. As I talk, I put one hand on his arm. His eyes warm up and he puts an arm near my shoulder and leans closer. I see this and try to make him realize that I'm just trying to reassure him, not fall in love with him. I then go out, across the yard to try the dormitory. I walk in. A woman, Virginia, one of my roommates, tells me the dryers are broken. There are lots of them in a row (clothes dryers). I look them over and push buttons. Virginia is already to go over to Leif and complain. I tell her not to. "He's happy now and besides, they're working O.K. now." She walks out with a blue dollhouse to show him. She's glad he's happy now. I suddenly feel glad to be alive. Things are working out O.K. I am in running shorts and decide I'll get back into jogging every morning at 6:00 a.m. I look out the window (venetian blinds, open) and feel happy. (253 words)
#0280 (1981-02-09)

I am in Germany at a bus depot. I am trying to find out if I can get on a bus with my wheelchair. I know a few words in German "Was ist das?" etc. Didn't look too promising. Everyone is concerned because things weren't accessible. Then I'm in my green pickup. I think Howard, or another woman (myself), is with me. I suggest we get on a subway car and we talk about leaving the chair in the pickup. We're standing out on a sidewalk discussing ways and means. I notice we're standing in front of a hospital. I suggest we go in there, in case I start going into labor. We go in. The person with me is all excited and wants to check me right in. I get embarrassed and squat down beside him or her. I whisper, "Please don't. I've been thinking, I'm not even sure I'm pregnant." I look at my tummy and realize I'm not, and it would be embarrassing to get checked in for labor and I'm not even pregnant. My friend then goes in to talk to a doctor. Now I'm really embarrassed. She comes back and says, "The doctor wants to talk to you." Now I'm a little angry too. I decide to leave. I then see Andrea. I start to pat her on the arm and remember not to. I say, "Imagine seeing you here in a hospital in Germany." She looks at me like she doesn't know me and starts talking about where she might have met me. I just smile at her little joke, not completely sure it's a joke. (272 words)
#0285 (1981-02-13)

Ernie is in a car. I'm talking to him. We are parked in front of a house that sits between the old M City house and Dora's house. I see Mrs. XXX. I go to her old house to get something. I wish they'd move in again. Ernie drives me to my driveway. He says he'll come back and pick me up a little later. I gather up my things that are in a disorganized mess on the seat, papers, a T.V. guide, appointment book, etc. I start to walk toward the house. Someone comes out, a bad guy. He stops me. He has a small person on his back. He makes me the one that has to whip the little person to death. I am appalled. I'm being forced into it. A crowd gathers. I/Ernie slowly pick up the whip and I/Ernie get an idea. I/Ernie start beating the little person, so cleverly that the sting of the whip hurts the bad guy more. I move the whip to the back of the bad person's knees and whip and whip and whip until he drops. I am exhausted but proud of myself. I lift up Muffin Cat and say to the crowd, "I want you to meet the one who really did it," but the crowd isn't paying any attention. They are going to listen to a woman sing. I try to speak louder, but they don't pay attention. I pet Muffin Cat and say, "It's O.K. You did a good and clever thing." (255 words)
#0286 (1981-02-14)

A friend and I were driving to R City. I was combing my hair. I was going to get married. I had impulsively decided to get married and I chose my brother Dwight. Somehow it was O.K. because the reason I was getting married was to keep other men away, so it wasn't incest because we wouldn't have relations sexually. I got to R City and I realized that I forgot to bring my wedding gown. I was embarrassed and felt badly. I called my parents and asked them to bring it down in time for the wedding. I felt badly about asking this favor of them. I could have remembered it in the first place. I always ask my parents to bail me out. I felt guilty. It then occurred to me that if I was getting married, they should want to be there, anyway. It occurred to me then that I was getting married to my brother, and I got cold feet. I got embarrassed. The reason I had earlier, didn't hold up now, and I felt appalled that I would consider incest. I was embarrassed. "What would people think?" I remembered that as a younger person, I had really thought it would be nice if I could marry Dwight. I felt repulsed by the idea now. (219 words)
#0287 (1981-02-14)

Darryl calls me up. He's sick and needs help. I tell him a friend is coming to him right now. We talk. I then remember to ask him, almost as an after thought, "Should I send an ambulance?" He says, "Yes." I ask directions to his house. He says, "Up the hill, turn right on the electronics side of the building." I say, "Don't worry, it's on its way." I get in my pickup truck and drive to the hospital to meet him. I get there. Chuck drives himself to the hospital in a bright red VW bug. He looks sheepish because he didn't wait for the ambulance. We are leaning out of our car windows talking. He says he used to work for an ambulance and therefore was embarrassed to use it. He looks for a place to park. I realize I'm in his parking space but don't move. A car in front of me leaves and he parks there. (161 words)
#0289 (1981-02-14)

We're making a 60 second T.V. public anouncement. Donald Duck and I and some other people (men, one black, one white). It is humorous. We laugh and enjoy as we creatively think it up and then act it and then play it back. First, I draw a tracing of Donald Duck for the camera. Then, the men play Donald Duck when the shots involve not seeing the face (stand-ins), one in a tuxedo. Donald Duck picks up a bra made out of 2 top hats and holds them up to his chest. I'm in a cage playing my baby banjo while Donald Duck drives a broom around the outside of the cage and the person in the tux drives a motorcycle. I'm tracing Donald Duck's webbed feet. Now his body is the coast and a technical decision has to be made about how to differentiate the fish in the ocean from his body. Donald Duck is highly dramatic lamenting that he's not unique. He's not the only "genius" or genus species to cry. I'm trying to trace the leg of Donald Duck and I need to connect Route 66 with Centennial Blvd. I make a mis-tracing, but then I figure it out. (202 words)
#0292 (1981-02-15)

Dylan helps me. I am confused. He walks me to Andrea's office. She shows me her pet, sort of like an alligator. I back away from it. Then I look for Dylan. He's fast asleep laying on top of the alligator! I think, "Oh, he must be so tired. I won't wake him," but I hope he wakes up. He does. A client comes in all confused. We deal with her. I talk to the C. dept. I want it to shape up. I walked barefooted. I remember being surprised that I can do it. No pain. (97 words)
#0294 (1981-02-16)

Eating dinner at M City house. I'm eating a hot dog. My father yells at me to sit down and eat right. I am standing and freeze mid-bite. I refuse to knuckle under. He says, "If you plan on living here, you'd better do as you're told." I just glare at him and take another bite. Then I get up, go upstairs, pack some things into a few boxes, and stalk out of the house. I am righteous. He's amused; he thinks I'll be back soon. I'm scared. I have no money, no place to go, and I have heavy boxes, but I am determined. I see a motel. Some guy comes out of a room and sees me. He says, "Running away, eh? Well, I'm leaving for the night. You can sleep here." I'm tempted but decide not to because I could get caught if they get a new customer for the room. I go down the elevator. I feel brave because they might ask me what I'm going there. I see the word "lights" in the elevator. I walk all night, carrying my boxes of things. The next day is a school day (M City High). Apparently, I remember I have a car. I put my things in the car and go to school. I get a newspaper between classes to look for a place to stay. (229 words)
#0296 (1981-02-17)

I sitting in a pickup truck on the passenger side. I park near a side walk. Lots of people are parking around me, like we're camping together. A man is angry at me because he parked in that spot before. Then a Japanese man hops in and says he'll help me and now I'm being driven in their station wagon to another spot and I will be with their family, wife, and kids. I don't like that. I want to be alone for awhile. I hesitate and then say, "I'm sorry but could you drive me back to that spot where I was, before someone else gets it. It's important for me to be alone." They look annoyed, but comply. I assure them I'll be all right. I can sleep on the seat if I get tired and the kids can be in the back if they want. The angry young man walks by with his nose in the air. He makes a snide remark. I make a sarcastic remark back. He's angry at me for wanting to be alone. He's like Ashton at uni house. (186 words)
#0300 (1981-02-19)

I'm making love with Nate. We roll off the bed onto the floor. He says, "Here, I'll make you feel good and then you can make me feel good." I hesitate because it would be nice to do it altogether, but I get caught up in feeling good. He makes love to me but doesn't enter me, just almost. 3 or 4 people come walking in. I am surprised and then annoyed. I had let one of them live in my house but now his family and friends have taken over. I say, "Hey, this is my home." I get up and ask them to go outside and then feel good that I was assertive. (115 words)
#0302 (1981-02-20)

I am dressed as a young boy/man, but I'm a woman. I am in disguise. It's 1800's. A man sees me and seems to take me under his wing. He is quiet, strong and watchful. He knows I'm masquerading and is intrigued by me. There are some ruffians and he saves me from them and suggests I travel with him. I go to get my worldly possessions. I live in an attic room of a big tall building. I go up many flights of stairs. As I am running up the stairs, I feel a mild earthquake. I mutter over and over, "The bricks, the bricks on the roof." I am afraid. Apparently my father or some man had been killed by bricks falling off the roof. We get to the roof. I see bricks falling and a man falling. I grab my duffle bag of clothes and run down the flights of stairs. Out on the street, we get on horses to ride away. This man feels empathy for me and will protect me. [BL] (175 words)
#0303 (1981-02-20)

A crowd is gathered. I think we are in Germany. A blind man is trying to show the crowd awards and grants of money our disabled community received for the cause. He unfolds one award and I see the "blue y" raised "$400." The crowd is very impressed. Then the man takes his briefcase with the awards in it and throws it suddenly in a chute. The crowd gasps. He says, "It's worthless. It won't help. What we need to do is march on the president's house, president of a college. I go with him. Most of the crowd goes away. Some follow us. It's dark, so he leads me. We both have canes to feel for holes in the ground as my feet are tender (the ankles). We go to the president's house, passing houses where lesser officials live. We interrupt dinner and present our case. (147 words)
#0304 (1981-02-20)

Same house. I am a detective. A woman (me), is terrified. Something is out to get her. She lays on a bed and hears vampires and werewolves hissing and growling in the room. She's afraid to look. Then they go away. She accuses the detective of being a bad guy as he left for a time and could have been the one to hurt her. She calls in some high official/father. The detective (me), denies the accusations and knows that she's really the "bad guy" out to get herself and try to explain it to her. She is actually hurting me with her accusations. (104 words)
#0306 (1981-02-22)

I am ironing. My mother is talking to me. She's preparing me for a difficult counseling session. She's annoyed with me because I'm not seeming to prepare as hard or as well as I should. This session is important. It could be dangerous. Some kind of mind games with a powerful older man. I must shift my thoughts and gain access to his. I then see the word "E K CanKar," a store on XXXth and XXX. Something about psychic power. I didn't know that's what the store sold. I'm now interested. Before I figured it was just weird. My cousin Abner, a cardinal, comes to the door. I see him (glass door). He pauses with his hands on the door knob and starts to cry. I am the pope and I go to him. We kneel on the porch outside the door and we say latin things and pray. I am blessing him and helping him to get through that door. (162 words)
#0308 (1981-02-24)

I am in a room with 3 other women. I'm tired. It's late at night. I sit in a woman's lap. We are wearing costumes of some kind. She has her arms around me and kisses me. She tries to "French kiss" me. At first, I don't let her. Then I do. It's not a French kiss, like with tongues. It's like touching the core of something. The lips, a regular kiss, were there and in the center, like in the center of a flower, was a moist, tender, very sensitive to feeling something. We touched "cores." I felt slightly repelled but allowed it to happen. Something in my mind was assuring me this is O.K. It's always been forbidden but now it is O.K. and nice to do. It is important to do. She holds me in a caring way. Another woman is in a closet, sort of narrating thoughts. A slide show is happening. Lots more happened but it escapes me. (163 words)
#0310 (1981-02-24)

A group of women puppeteers come by and give a puppet show. It is fun to watch. There is a story about a little girl who went away from her parents and no one could understand why she wouldn't go back. I watch the show and then in payment, I give them my old children's books which they auction off. Ethan buys them. He asks a bunch of dumb questions about which books he has, "And don't I have two copies of Robinson Caruso?" I think, "Well of course, dummy." I am annoyed at his snotty attitude. They were my books and I feel a tinge of regret giving them up. I look in one book and I see a film where Ethan plays a detective. I laugh and say to Ethan standing next to me, "It's so funny. He was my director and all he can do is that one thing and that not so well, anyway." I pick up a book with a gold lame cloth removable cover, to adjust it. One corner, like a corner on a bottom fitted sheet, has come off. I pull it and a picture of a little girl who moves and talks is on the book. As I pull her, she's moving to the edge of the book. She says something about how nice it would be to go back to her parents, or something. I sit on the bed. It's hard to leave my books. A young boy/man grabs my arm and talks incessantly. I yell and kick my feet like a tantrum and say, "Leave me alone. I don't want to talk to you people any more." Some older man pulls him away and says, "Leave her alone, now." (289 words)
#0316 (1981-02-26)

Johanna comes home from work. I have on a clown suit. I put a second clown suit on. I go to the door to greet her. She's tired and doesn't really appreciate my joke of a clown suit on a clown suit. There are gifts for her. She's talking about her students today. Her husband Matt is asking questions about who was there. She's grumpy and gets sharp with him and accuses him of sending some of his students to her. He claims innocence. I listen. Matt is opening the gifts. One is a big box with a puppet inside. Matt says, "It's George Washington." I look closer and I say, "George Washington with six guns?" He's got red hair (long, ponytail), a white suit (like Col. Sanders), and a pair of six guns strapped around him. I look and see his name is "The Chicken" or "Genesis." I say, "Oh, what fun. It's a computer program game. Can I play it?" Johanna mutters, "Oh, I always get those." She's doing the dishes and reaches over to start the game. I push a button to set the balls (like pool balls). Eggs come out, a dozen of them. They come out too fast and some are broken. A yolk goes slithering by me. I exclaim, "Oh no." Johanna finally looks and says, "What happened?" I explain. I'm a little embarrassed. Ronald Reagan comes and sits down with us. He's very interested in things about the west. I explain that this is a computer program. I show him a book about "Little Chicken," a notorious western person. (266 words)
#0317 (1981-02-26)

I have a check out stand, for groceries and things. Ethan is talking to me. He likes me. As we talk, my cash register starts malfunctioning. It rings up 55 cents too many times. A long line forms of customers as I try to get the machine to work. Ethan is smiling and talking to me and I'm trying to pay attention to him and also take care of the customers. Finally I decide to write up the stuff by hand. My "bagger," a young girl, complains when I tell her to assist. Then I decide to borrow an adding machine from another stand. I do and everything's O.K. [BL] (109 words)
#0318 (1981-02-26)

I'm sitting at a table, listening to a woman cry about how alone she is. This affects an overweight young woman wearing a low lacy sweater with a blue skirt and white blouse. She starts crying. I say, "Ah, she's affected too." She gets up and walks all the way around the table to come and kneel next to me to hug me and cry into my lap. I call her Princess. I think, "Maybe she doesn't realize that when it's my turn, my stomach gets queazy and I have to go to the bathroom." (95 words)
#0319 (1981-02-27)

My father is driving, Mabel is sitting next to him. Howard and I are with them in a VW bus. I have a painful boil on my leg. It hurts. I want the pain to go away. I'm waiting for us to get to our destination so Howard can lance the boil and remove the pain. I think to myself, "I don't have to wait for him to do it. Why am I waiting? I can do it myself and get rid of the pain." Mabel is trying to soothe the feelings between Howard and me (I'm the only one in the back seat). I'm angry, grumpy and sad. She says something soothing like, "Give it a chance." I say, "There is no chance. Howard is a sickie, an emotional sickie." We pass a camping area. A man and a young girl are talking. I hear her say, "I killed her. The other girl and I killed her." I see small camp spots with steep boat ramps to the water. There is no place to stretch out and relax, just space to put the car and boat. I see a stream that's rusty colored and polluted. My father comes to a crossroad, a "T." He's going to turn left. The car is too far out into the intersection. 3 vehicles go by, very close, ready to hit us. I flinch as they go by. The 3rd one honks. (238 words)
#0320 (1981-02-27)

I'm moving to Dover. I feel sad about leaving my house. I can't figure out why I have done it. I'm moving into an apartment that is next to Rosemary's. Our windows face each other. I want to be next to Rosemary but it's only a one bedroom, a small apartment. I have to leave my pool table and other things at me house in E City. Rosemary and I go for a walk. We're near downtown Dover. We're walking on the freeway across the river. I ask if there are any grocery stores near the apt. She shows me a book store. I enjoy the book store. (108 words)
#0323 (1981-02-28)

I want to go to my bedroom. I'm at a rich and swanky party. I'm told to push a button. I do. The buttons are apples and other fruits. When I push an apple, a bed of red cabbage with cole-slaw stuffing rolls comes out. A woman says, "Oh, good, I don't have to stay in bed all the time. I get so tired of staying in bed day and night." (71 words)
#0324 (1981-02-28)

A man wants me to walk with him. He says he's got a pretty weird family. He lives in a grave yard. I start to walk up some stairs. He's walking on air, on the outside of the stairs. I look and his feet are melting into the stair at each step. I say, "Who do I hear talking?" He says, "It's me." I say, "No, I hear someone on the other side of me." I get a feeling there's an invisible person on my left side. (87 words)
#0325 (1981-03-01)

I am a member of a committee. I've been doing lots of extra time getting 4 different areas documented so we can make a report. A man then takes over and says he'll report on the ones I've already worked on and I can start work on some other areas. I am fed up, angry at him. I say, "Look. I've already worked on 4 of these. I have no interest in working on these others." He sighs and glares, and I start to feel guilty. But then my feeling is, "No, I've done more than my share and I'm not going to do other people's work." I say, "He and I can share our reports we did on the same area." He says, "No. It will be one or the other." He leaves. I try to get the committee members to agree on a time when we'll meet next. No one helps. They leave. I look around. There are tons of things left out that someone needs to put away or our work will be destroyed by uncaring vandals. I'm the only one left to do it. Now I'm really angry and I feel put upon. I start to pick things up, boxes and newspapers, and I see that the job is too much. I hesitate and waver between feelings of, "Well, I'll just leave it," to, "I can't just leave it." I decide it's too big for one person to do and so I leave it. (248 words)
#0327 (1981-03-02)

It's somebody's wedding. I'm going to sing a duet with the bride because she's nervous and doesn't want to do it alone. There's a crowd like at a movie theatre. I go out to get a cup of coffee. As I'm going back in, I hear her singing the duet alone. I remember the word "Jean." It's her name. I feel badly and I try to get there for her. The crowd gets in the way. I realize that she's doing O.K. (82 words)
#0329 (1981-03-04)

I'm a prisoner. I'm chained in a line with others. Our chains are a large slice of whole wheat bread. We are encased in it and have to eat a hole out of it to breathe and see where we're going. Together we all make up a loaf of bread. We walk around. I can only see a little bit so I have to be very quick and good at staying on my feet and moving around obstacles. If I fall, then I'll just be dragged around by the others, most painful. The British guard sees how well I'm doing. He calls me "Andrew" and puts me at the head of the line. I am challenged and want to show how good I am at this. I call out orders to the others and in precision, we go up and down stairs and duck obstacles. Later, I'm walking in a park (free of bread). I see Sylvester the Cat. I call to him. He is nervous. He comes over to be petted and then goes on his way. I walk on. I look for a bathroom. I find one. The door isn't there so I get a poster, and write a message to Howard and tape it to cover the door area. I see raspberries and packages of perfume in the toilet. I look at the package. It's a pretty, naked woman with long flowing hair and flowers coming out of her navel. I look across the street. I see "Liberace" and call him "Finn" I say, "Hey, are these yours?" He says, "They are." He's working in a store and makes pies. He has a pot belly and steals these things and hides them. He tells me that he must have loved his first wife because he married her. (300 words)
#0330 (1981-03-04)

I'm in a house, getting ready to go home. Howard is there. He wants to kiss me and go home with me. I want to be nice to him but I don't want him back. If I'm nice to him, he'll move right in. I feel trapped. Then, Curtis of Nighthawks comes in. He doesn't pay a lot of attention to me. He stands near me. I say, "I know you." He says, "I don't know you." I say, "Of course. I like your music." "Ya?," he says. "Did you buy my album?" I say, "No, not yet," and explain why not. He starts to dance. It's very complicated. I recognize it as a dance I saw on T.V. and join in. He's very pleased and impressed that I can do it. We dance. We draw closer. I am sexually attracted to him and I'm feeling anger. He responds to me. I draw him toward the bedroom. He stops and says, "I want to make love, but not now, not here. Let's wait a few days." I get angrier. He's just trying to reject me. He doesn't really like me. I walk away and try to sneak out so he'll miss me and never know where to find me. He runs after me and apologizes. He gives me reasons why he wanted to wait that are logical (no contraceptives, wants it to be nicer place, etc.), and says he's sorry he should have let me know that he liked me. He just doesn't know how to express it very well. I forgive him. It's hard to wait. (267 words)
#0331 (1981-03-05)

I am cooking some party nibbles for the women in my book. They are coming over. I'm trying to clean the house which is a big mess seconds before they're to be there. There are packages and packages of raw hamburger they have brought as food. I suddenly decide to make sweet and sour meatballs. I go to the kitchen to cook. Only one or two of the whole group come and I smell rotting hamburger. (76 words)
#0333 (1981-03-05)

I'm building a fire in a fireplace. The floor in the living room is a mess, wood, sawdust, papers, etc. I put it in the fireplace. I get a fire going. It's snowing outside. I'm proud that I got the fire going when no one's around to rescue me if I blow it. Smoke comes out into the room. I fix that. The fire starts to die out. I pull several old logs from previous fires. They still have coals, red hot, and help get this fire burning. I notice it's nearing 8 o'clock. I'm supposed to be back at work for the evening shift. I don't want to leave. I excuse myself because it's snowing. I feel like I'm playing hookey. I go out for more wood. My bathroom is in another building. It's a long walk. (138 words)
#0336 (1981-03-06)

Mabel comes over to my house. She's going out on a date the next night and wants to borrow a blouse or a sweater as I always have nice things to wear. She wants to look special. I look around in my closet and find pretty, white, soft, translucent blouses. She tries them on. She can't decide which one. I find her a blue skirt. Then she tries on a pair of shorts and a pink blouse with a bow at the neck. I say, "Oh, you aren't going to wear that are you?" Then I find her a pretty blue dress. We both agree that it will look very nice. (111 words)
#0338 (1981-03-07)

Howard comes back. We get married again. I can't figure out why I did it. It feels wrong. Howard and I are going to the coast for our honeymoon. He says, "We'll talk." He says he's a very unhappy man, 13 unhappy marriages. First to me, then to Karen, and then to me again. He tries to commit suicide in the ocean. He comes back. He wants us to go down to the ocean and play. I say, "No, let's sit on the sand right here and talk." He keeps pulling away and wanting to go do something. I say, "Wait. I'm feeling really frustrated. This is what happened before. You won't open up. I just want to feel close. I want to feel emotion. You feel so cold and distant." Then I say, "Ya, I know. I do it too. I'm afraid, but let's try this time." He can't. I feel sad and relieved. (155 words)
#0344 (1981-03-10)

I'm asleep on my tummy in a one room apartment. It's night. Ginny comes in and she's just arrived from San Francisco. She lays down on top of me and hugs me. I'm really glad she's back. I am aware of tenderness and sexual excitement. She slides her arms around my breasts. I feel repelled and then decide I want her. I turn. She takes her clothes off. I lay on top of her and feel exquisite tenderness, love and sexual desire. We caress and kiss one another. I am making love to her. I want her to feel good. Her enjoyment heightens my enjoyment. It's all in the first tentative stages, desire and need are strong, and then something stops it, or it just stops and I'm feeling the cats jump on the bed and curling up to sleep. I sense her 2 boys in the background somewhere (I wake up amazed at how real all of that felt). (160 words)
#0346 (1981-03-11)

I'm at Aunt Elaine's house. I am getting married to her son Terence. The problem is somehow we're alike. He has a rack of clothes just like mine, dresses, bra, etc. They are actually prettier than mine. I knock some off the rack as I walk by. I'm embarrassed and pick them up. He's at the table already. It's a party to celebrate our forthcoming marriage. I feel very unsure and keep saying, "You don't want to do this. Let's call it off." Terence assures me that he will be fine and care for me properly when we're married. I'm given a glass of milk. I see a crack in the glass. I fiddle with it and it breaks; the whole glass shatters into square pieces. The milk spills out and is soaked up into the table cloth. My "dad" seated on my left frowns. My "mom" seated across from me, next to Terence, looks surprised. I leave the table to get a replacement. I go to the kitchen with Aunt Elaine. I see her kitchen curtains. They are like mine, so I wonder if that's where I got them. I'm writing in my appointment book. Someone named KLU is written 3 times in the afternoon for lunch. She's coming from back east. Someone else wants to make an appointment at that time. I start to erase KLU. Someone says "No," and I write O.K. on another day. I feel uncomfortable marrying Terence, because somehow "we are the same" and I'm concerned that he doesn't care about me. (258 words)
#0347 (1981-03-11)

I'm at the top of a waterfall or a rush of turbulent water. As I'm careening down, the water becomes a freeway, crowded with other cars. I'm out of control and I can only hope that as I merge into oncoming traffic, I don't hit anybody. I do manage by luck, not skill, to merge successfully. I am in the left hand lane (the fast lane). I must get over to the right lane to make an exit. I barely manage to do that. As I start to make a right turn to get on the road I think I want, I find myself being pulled backwards down another road that goes to the left. It's like a track (like in a Walt Disney fun ride), has hooked onto my van. I'm being taken for a ride. I have no control. I'm sitting behind the driver's seat; the van is going backwards and I can't see clearly where we're going. I'm alone and concerned that our van will crash into something. As I realize that I'm in a truck, I semi-relax, put my feet up and lean back. I watch traffic the van narrowly misses. The van is going fast. I get where I'm going and now I'm in my wheelchair. I'm going to visit Rhonda's acting class. It's a reunion now that I've made it big in Hollywood. I see Ronnie (a student). She says, "Oh! It's you. How are you?" I'm somebody important now. (246 words)
#0349 (1981-03-12)

I'm a "soda jerk." Lots of people are crowded in. They are all singing because the boss, a good-looking young man is. I mouth the words because he is watching, and then I just stop. I don't want to sing, even if I lose my job. A plump man comes to my left and asks me to please tell him what the 4th of July is like. He looks at me like, "Don't laugh, I'm serious." I feel like laughing, after all, everyone knows what 4th of July is like. Then I think, "Maybe he's a foreigner or something." I glance over at my boss who's watching and take the time from my job to explain to him. "It's when families get together and go off to parks or camping. Some fish, some hike, and some hunt. Then I remember, "Oh, lots of food and other families go to the city park and watch fireworks." I realize that I should have told him that first because that's the more American traditional way. My boss stands by me and indicates I should be working. (183 words)
#0350 (1981-03-12)

I'm in a department store, looking for the cigarettes, a carton of Salems. The store has been remodeled. I can't find them. I am holding a carton of cigs, the carton is bright red and the cigs are not Salems, so I keep looking. I see a display case with "novelty" cigs; they are Salems. One jar is full of fat candy cigarettes with chocolate tips. Another has cigars, fat, with a "fringe" on it. I decide to take the candy cigs because the regular ones can't be found and they are better than nothing. Then Ginny brings me some of hers, the real kind. (105 words)
#0355 (1981-03-13)

A royal family. Something about a separation at a young age, many travels through different lands. Holland is represented by wooden shoe-shaped pick up beds that held tulips. I searched for the prince. I looked in a movie house. I saw him and hid behind a curtain. I thought I was the one they tried to kill. Then I crossed a border and found the two I'd been separated from since they were babies. Even though they were grown now, I held one and cooed it as if he were a baby. He was embarrassed but tolerated it. (98 words)
#0356 (1981-03-14)

I'm going to a party. I'm going with a man much younger than myself. His mom is going to drive us to the party. She does not approve. I feel a little silly. He says, "Don't worry, when she's left, we'll have a good time." She watches us. As we near the house where the party is, I hear talk about a boy that deliberately does things improperly to get attention. He's always getting in trouble. I think, "Oh, he'll grow up." I see people arriving for the party, uni house kids. They have presents and food. I am empty-handed. I feel embarrassed for that and also because I'm older than they and so I feel out of place. (119 words)
#0358 (1981-03-14)

A man gets out of prison. He's walking around and he sees me. I am longingly looking at a motorcycle. It's a creamy brown color. He walks up to me and says, "Oh ya?" meaning little ol' you is interested in riding this powerful motorcycle? I just smile and walk away. He says, "You wait over there. I'll get you a motorcycle." I sit on a couch across the ornate hotel lobby room from a huge log fire. The flames are white. There is a small log fire with white flames on the couch next to me. I warm myself on it. I am tired, so I nod off for awhile as he goes to get me a motorcycle. A man comes by and puts a note in my hand. I am aware of it, even though I'm asleep. A couple loom large on my left, watching and then they leave. The man with a motorcycle comes. I am pleased and happy. I get on the seat behind him. I ask him where I should sit and, "How do I place my feet so I'll be safe?" He instructs me. I put my arms around him and lay my hands on the handle bars with his. He removes my hands and puts them on his chest. I think that makes sense; it could be dangerous with both of us in control. I think, "Later, I'll sit in front and drive and he can ride." I enjoy the sensual pleasure of curling around him as we ride along. It's like I "have to" put my arms around him for my safety, not that I'm putting my arms around him for pleasure and therefore I could enjoy the pleasure. (287 words)
#0359 (1981-03-15)

I'm in a class. Ethan is the teacher. In order to pass, I have to learn to shoot a rifle, drink Section 8 juice and jog. I'm back in M City. There's a male bully that challenges me. I get a new angle for my left angle, RA leaves, I jog to build up muscle tone. The Section 8 juice is light cider with a couple teaspoons of Section 9, which is hard cider. I practice hard. At the last day of class, I shoot a perfect bull's eye with a pump rifle and then with a 30-30. I drink twice as much Section 8 as anyone else. Everyone is amazed at my prowess. I'm proud. I wake up with the words "And the light follows." Oh, I just remembered that as I was practicing jogging, I ran past the old house in M City. It had been removed so that there was space and light for a small, cute, cozy apartment for an old lady. As I ran by, I peeked in the windows. There was no kitchen, because someone else did her cooking. I saw a pretty Afghan, multi-colored, and a rocking chair, a single bed, with lots of lovely windows. I thought, "Well, when she dies, they can put in a kitchen so the unit will be reusable." [BL] (221 words)
#0362 (1981-03-18)

I'm in N City visiting Aunt Elaine's. We go through town. I am getting married, or have a boyfriend. We find a boyfriend for my younger "sister." We go "home." "Mom and dad" are leaving on a trip, leaving the house to my sister and me. I open a drawer to get something for them and a small hidden drawer falls out. It's very old. I look in it. I see a spider. I quickly take the drawer to a sink and turn on the water to drown the spider. It changes into a miniature man. I am still trying to drown it. I almost succeed. He looks quite blue. I try to swish him. He avoids me and rolls on a log. I stop trying to kill him. I say to him, "This is 1981." I say the # slowly because I want to trick him into showing surprise if he is very old. He does. I expect him to tell me he's 1800's, but he says somewhere in the 6th to the 10th century. He changes into a light bulb and rolls all over me like something with static electricity. He says, "You'll never get rid of the light now. I'll be with you everywhere you go." I feel pleased and also aware that it will take an understanding man to have a relationship with, he'll have to tolerate my "light." I take off a pair of fancy hose. I talking to a man named Jim, who thinks I'm great even with my light. (256 words)
#0363 (1981-03-19)

I'm at a Sunday night church gathering. I'm thinking, "I haven't done this in years." It's crowded. A drunk man next to me whispers, "Reproductive organs." I good naturedly tell him to shut up. I see a big sign that says "Brothers, Jesus..." Later someone, a male, says he has to take part of my reproductive system out. I just play with my nipples and enjoy it, i.e. I have an orgasm. I look at him and say, "I can't do that. I would feel embarrassed that I would have to go to orgasm with people watching." A girl whispers, "You can do it." (104 words)
#0364 (1981-03-21)

I'm in a school room like in Jr. high. I'm sitting at a desk. A man sits on my right. I am trying to sell a trumpet. It's very short and has no "slide." The man and I talk about how this one is harder to play and older than most trumpets. I don't want to give it up. I go to the door of the classroom to see if Muffin Cat is around. I come back to my desk. Someone else is sitting there, another man. I know him. I walk up behind him and massage his shoulders. Larry R is sitting to my left. He is whiny and asks my assistance. He's holding a round glass that has a "face" drawn on it, like on the Kool-aid pitcher. He wants me to place his fingers so that it is in the place where the mouth is drawn. I do so. I'm annoyed at him. I chat with the 2 men. I like them. They like me. (168 words)
#0366 (1981-03-21)

Ginny walks up to me. She says, "Well, how about it? You and I have been this way for 41 years now. Are we going to admit it?" I shake my head no and then feel embarrassed for her, because she had brought up the sensitive issue of sexual feelings and I turned her down. I smile at her gently to convey that I still like her and I won't leave her because she has brought it up. (78 words)
#0371 (1981-03-24)

I am angry at Terence because I asked him to get something for me and he teased me. I glare at him and don't talk to him. He says, "Come over here with me." I refuse. He picks me up. He says with a grin, "You'll get over it. We're pre-ordained to be married." I am angry and say, "Not ever!" He takes me into a hall with a series of doors and we get to a room. A "recording" of some kind speaks of the future and says Terence and I will be married. I refuse to speak to Terence and he laughs because he knows that all he has to do is wait. Then someone's after us. We go into the men's room to hide. I sit up on the edge of the toilet with my feet up and head down, coiled. Terence stands, leaning over me so no one sees me. Men come in. At first, I'm worried and then I figure, "Well, I guess I haven't anything to worry about because of the future already predicted." Terence goes out. I have to wait. As I wait, a man sits in the next stall and starts chatting with me. I answer back in grunts and single syllable words in as low a voice as I can manage. At one point, I have to talk a full sentence. He looks over suspiciously. He says, "Hey, you talk like a man but you're wearing women's dress. I think fast and say, "Boy, you should have been at the party last night. I just woke up here, dressed like this!" He accepts that. Some other man is bringing a father and his son together in another stall. (287 words)
#0378 (1981-03-27)

A play. Stan has asked me to recreate my role. "This time play it for real, and use a more realistic voice." I don't like playing an older, mature woman. I'm amazed that Stan wants me in his play. In the play, I see two guys that love each other. One guy has golden curls and he's called "Betty girl". (60 words)
#0379 (1981-03-27)

Blake stands facing me. There are paper clips and lights on strings between us. As Blake moves, a force pushes the metal things. I must run. I get into a black race car and drive rapidly away. I am running from Blake. He's following. I'm on a freeway that spirals and turns this way and that. I keep choosing roads that curve to the left because that takes me away from Blake. I get out into the country and find a special retreat of mine, a friend's house. I drive my car in and hide the car in a basement hall. I run up stairs to check the doors to see that they are locked. Safety pins are the locks. The house appears deserted. Old fashioned furniture, very few pieces and old lace curtains. Fallen leaves are all over the yard. I go back downstairs and check the doors and windows. A black out curtain is over the windows. I feel Blake outside. I sit very quietly. 2 other young women are there. One makes some noise that draws Blake's attention. I try to stop her. I explain that he's dangerous. (191 words)
#0382 (1981-03-28)

I am weaving. I'm in the woods. One pattern is a plaid. Lots of white yarn, lots of green yarn and a few red strings of yarn are drawn through. The second pattern is more swirling and moves quickly. There's lots of green. I weave a beautiful dress. I am a witch that lives in this distant forest. A man, a prince, comes to me. I see that he is wounded. He wears a bandage around his left upper thigh. Something about the man reminds me of Howard. I give him something to drink and say, "Here, let me look to that wound." He doesn't want me to help him. I start taking the bandage off. I unwind it many times. I find a square gauze patch on the back of his leg. Then I see transparent tape running down his leg to his knee. I say, "Here, I'll take this tape off." He says, "Can't you leave me any pride?" I smile at his stubbornness. (166 words)
#0384 (1981-03-29)

Rosemary comes back to town. She walks in and sits on a couch. I sit next to her. She says, "Where were you? Why didn't you meet me? I waited for over an hour and then had to find a way here." I apologize and say, "I thought you still had your car and would meet me here." I feel slightly guilty for not thinking more about her situation, as she got left in a bind. She leans back and says, "Oh! I've been to a Jungian conference for 5 days. I'm exhausted. It's like learning a new language." Another woman comes up and chats. I explain to her why Rosemary's so tired. (113 words)
#0385 (1981-03-29)

I'm rehearsing a funny play or skit. Some security officers are in it with me. Some woman complains because I always seem to be in the security office and questions this. We obviously explain that we're working. We get a phone call from a girl "Tammy." She's threatening and playing games with us. We're a little caught in the game. She'll scream over the phone and be silent. We know she's playing a game but we have to go check it out anyway just in case. We sigh and feel frustrated. (91 words)
#0390 (1981-04-04)

Tony W wants me to help him take a test. I must hold pictures up for him and ask him questions. It's called the "XXX far-sighted test." It's going to help him with his relationship with his wife Nancy S. George wants me to help him with something too. They both want me to do it at the same time. I have to tell one of them I can't, Tony, I think. Nancy S asks about the test. When I tell her the name she says, "It's not far-sighted." I lean over to her (a little annoyed) and say, "It's far. The pictures are very simplistic and black and white. You'll be able to see them. They lack detail." Something about cheese. [BL] (122 words)
#0393 (1981-04-05)

In a house. I'm still married to Howard. Lots of cats are on the front porch. They've broken a screen so they can go in and out as they wish. I think, "My what a lot of cats." Someone asks if I put their food out where they can get it. I comment that they can come in and get it any time they want. The girls come up to me and tell me Howard is dead. I say, "No he's not, he's asleep." I look out to the back yard. He's sleeping in a lawn chair. I am embarrassed that the girls said that in front of the neighbors and I am sort of hoping it's true. Then I feel badly about hoping he's dead. I think, "Why are we still in the same house? The marriage has been dead for years." Lots of things. I'm cleaning up the kitchen. A poster with the 4 basic groups of food is written on it, in my handwriting. I think about throwing it away because I know that so well, but I just can't. Somehow, I may forget and need to be reminded. I straighten out my jewelry. My wedding rings are there. (202 words)
#0394 (1981-04-06)

I'm in the Navy and I'm cheating. I write up my ticket incorrectly so I get more than I'm supposed to. I write up a deal worth $25.00. I get caught. I lie to the woman who has suspicions about me. George meets me and commiserates with me about the unfairness of being caught. We travel on. (57 words)
#0395 (1981-04-06)

Now I'm a mobil oil gas station owner. I'm putting gas into a tank. I realize that my numbers in my pump don't register so I can't prove how much gas I give this person. I explain the situation to the owner of the pickup and ask him how much his tank takes. He looks suspiciously at me, then says, "48 gallons." I write it up. Then I call up a special trouble shooter number 00-XXX, to report the situation. I'm in Alabama and I own a gas station, motel and swimming pool and I live on the premises. Behind my beat up greasy place is a huge empty acreage with weeds. I look it over with an eye to expansion. The pool is empty and is a mere wading pool. I change it to a different place and larger. (140 words)
#0396 (1981-04-07)

I had been away doing something. I come back to my house. My husband, Burt Lancaster, is entertaining guests. I try to get his attention. I want to be kissed and hugged. He's very busy. I go into the bathroom to take a bath. I sit in the tub; I have a blouse on. Muffin Cat twice leaps on the tub and goes completely underwater. I see him under there, all curled up with his eyes shut. I pull him out and pet him and laugh. I look at our guests and explain, "How strange! Cats never just jump into water! I don't understand it." The guests are rather distant and formal. I notice that the door to the living room is open and I see 5 play mice and 5 real, dead mice under a chair. I think, "Ugh!" I get out of the tub. I follow my husband into the kitchen. He's fixing something to eat. He makes a comment, something about what a good cook he's getting to be, with me gone so much. I want to hug and kiss him. I feel sexually aroused. I try to but he keeps slipping away. He's busy doing stuff. I say, "Please come here. I want to hold you." He comes over and says, "What do you want from me?" He's aroused, and he rubs his hardened penis against me, like to show me he is aroused and attracted by me and to appease my sexual appetite until the guests are gone. I feel slight resentment because I don't just want to be bumped against. I want to be held. I want him to be less distant! (278 words)
#0397 (1981-04-08)

I see a puff of smoke rise and I'm aware that it is radioactive dust. I go look for cover. I'm skiing down a jump. It costs $5 each time. You have to have paired tickets. The ticket lady tells me I must have dual tickets. I have several in my purse so she lets me ski. I'm a beginner. I have to put in a diaphragm before each ski jump. I am tired of doing that and wonder why I have to do that! Some tough man, like a J.D., bothers me. I have to be tough back. He respects that. I'm very tired. I am led to his room. I lay down on a sleeping bag. I think, "This won't work, being in his room. He'll come in and disturb me." I am really tired. (137 words)
#0398 (1981-04-08)

I'm in M City. There are lots of people. I'm going down the main street. Store fronts are built up, with cameras etc. Some big event is on the verge of happening. I ask, "Why? What's going to happen?" There's a cross street. People are lined up on both sides. I am wondering which street the parade will go down. I think that maybe it will turn left because more people are there and it's a newer street, but I then see that it curves back on itself and that the parade will go straight up main street. I see a woman. I tell her, "I've moved to a new house." It's near her. She's delighted and wants to give me cookies and cakes and have a party and such. I say, "Oh yes, that's nice," but then realize I don't want to eat cookies and cakes. I'm going to the house. It's the old T City house, sort of. It's beat up and wooden. There's a pasture with a cliff to walk across. I wonder if I'll see my old boyfriend. I see his brother Max. I pick up a cat. We're going back to look at something nostalgic. I put the cat down. A white tiger walks up to me. I'm a little scared and excited and in awe. I say, "Who are you?" He says, "I'm Tigger, I'm you." I ask Max if I'll see his brother. He sadly shakes his head and shows me a newsletter with a farewell letter from "Dwight." He's dead. I'll never see him again. I feel sad. The letter is confusing. It says, "If I had tomorrow, I would enjoy today." (280 words)
#0399 (1981-04-10)

Something about Howard. It was time to deal with him. Someone was packing my photographic equipment across a stream on a wagon. It slipped and fell in. They decided to save it. I looked and noticed it was deep enough that I'd have to get my face underwater, but that it was possible. I asked someone to help. I went in there myself, it was shallower then, and I retrieved my diary and dream books and other things. A group of men who had joined the army were going to help me move. I was very angry at them. One man and I talked it out some, but I just yelled in rage at the others. The one layed his sleeping bag near me on the beach. (127 words)
#0400 (1981-04-11)

Going to the beach. I'm walking through a large building to get to it. Howard is taking care of the baby. I feel guilty as I walk away to go to the beach and enjoy myself. I see an old player piano and want to show it to co-worker Josh, but it has no piano rolls to put in. I'm disappointed. There is a "player guitar." I play it. It has pretty music. I walk over and around lots of things to get to the side door to go out. I get lost in the corridors. I have shop lifted a couple of kitchen items, a potato peeler, and a salt shaker my daughter Dovre made. I feel embarrassed. I hope I don't get caught. I wonder why I did it?! A woman employee in a blue shop clerk jacket walks by and I hide the items. I look for directions. I see a sign that says "beds, l hotels go to heaven." I go out to the beach. I step over a stove (kitchen), that has an oil painting on it. I stand near the ocean. I see Dovre and Ellie playing in the waves. They are older, more developed physically. I envy their pretty young breasts. I put Paulina (maybe 2 or 3 years old), on my shoulders "like a dad would" and walk out. The water is shallow for a long way. Paulina wants to go out further. I look up and see a big wave coming. I turn and walk back hurriedly, explaining to the girls that we are in danger from the delayed wave that is so big. We make it back in time. [BL] (279 words)
#0401 (1981-04-11)

Someone is helping me cook breakfast. The racks are difficult to adjust. Lots of food is being cooked, an abundance. Ginny's kids' breakfast is on the first shelf and 2 blankets insulate it so that the food on the lower shelves isn't getting cooked. I realize that George hasn't any breakfast. I offer to fix some for him. I poach some eggs for him. Ginny helps me get the eggs out and she breaks one or two. I finally get to eat my breakfast. Someone says finally, "You get to eat. How is it?" I say, "It's fine." I have a sense that I'm packing to move somewhere. (108 words)
#0403 (1981-04-11)

I'm going down streets like in M City. Now I'm in corridors of a school campus. I must choose to turn right or left. A cage or screen is blocking any forward movement. I turn left and go around a block. I look for a radio station, and ask directions at the performing arts theatre musicians. (56 words)
#0405 (1981-04-13)

I'm in a bus with other people, mostly women. One woman says, "Let's go live at the Kendell." I said, "Oh, I've lived there before. I guess it would be O.K. as long as I don't have to live on the 4th floor. People who apply late usually get the 4th floor, but if there's an elevator, then it would be O.K." My friend then goes to the center of the bus and announces that I will play a song. I'm embarrassed. I get in front of everyone and need to readjust my instrument. I glue some cardboard together and cut some down to size. I use cottage cheese as a glue. I hide my work from the audience because they will have to guess the answer to the game. Then I try to play my banjo. It doesn't sound right. Finally, I notice that the cap is on incorrectly and the instrument is backwards and looks like a guitar. I look reprovingly at my friend and tell her she put the 4 on backwards for the caps. I fix it and then I can play the banjo. [BL] (188 words)
#0406 (1981-04-14)

This person and myself are being chased by some people. We're on a city street looking for ways to hide. I think that I'll meditate and call upon my guru. I do so. He shows up and whispers, "Hey, over here," and walks away. I follow, looking around for the "bad guys." He then disappears. My friend says, "Oh! What a lovely woman is walking by," and I look to see my guru or I see an invisible nothing. I am quite agitated. I say, "This is all very nice and interesting, but can this magic stuff save our asses and get us out of here before we're hurt?" How are we going to get out of there safely? [BL] (119 words)
#0407 (1981-04-14)

My "brothers" and I are stealing some cattle from some ranchers. I'm in the kitchen, trying to quietly open cans of food. I use an electric can opener and it's very noisy! I get shushed and pull out a little hand one. The Mexican sister of the bad guys hears the noise and sneaks into the kitchen to see what's going on. My brothers are assisting the bad guys not to be suspicious. I am a male. The sister is upset to see me. She feels used. We like each other but here I am stealing from her family. I assure her that I really do like her for herself. She then becomes a male Mexican doctor and I become her. He's going to hide me. We hear the bad guys coming back in. I hide in a closet and put a towel over me. He worries that I'll be stupid and not hide myself well, but I'm very good at it. He and I are talking after the coast is clear and we hear them coming near again. I slide under a shelf and then Bonnie is describing how she wanted to make love to the doctor but it hurt, so she requested he come in from behind. She called it the scrota or the ova. I watch and become sexually excited and ask for Brian's phone number and then I write it down. I'm going to call him up and ask him to make love with me. (249 words)
#0408 (1981-04-15)

I'm doing dishes. I'm talking with someone. I go into the living room. It's all changed around. I feel disoriented. My mother sure has been industrious! Not only did she move the furniture, but she moved the windows and built in shelves and a fireplace too! I look closely at the windows and try to remember how it was before at grandma Mildred's house. I realize that it is just the furniture that is moved. I see pretty cloth being put up on the windows and new pink lacy curtains. My mother is so impressive, it must hurt her hands and she must get tired but she still keeps doing things to make the place nice. Now there's a meeting. I must take minutes. I write rapidly. Someone's talking to me. I turn to her and say, "Hey! Come on! I'm trying to take minutes here. Leave me alone for awhile." She then does. I'm laying on my tummy on the floor. Tom B is explaining how he's waiting for a teacher to get information to him before he finishes his project. Dickie challenges him and says, "It's your fault. You need to do something first, then the teacher can respond." I get confused on the issues and write it to the best of my abilities. Aunt Elaine comes in. A boy stands behind her. She says, "Are you hiding or are you just trying to keep me warm?" She's pleasant, maternal, and wears a revealing dress. Her daughter Patricia, my cousin, is more primly dressed and standoffish. I look past them at the door and wonder if my mother remodeled their bedroom too (It feels like the S City house there). (282 words)
#0409 (1981-04-16)

I die. I say good-bye to close people first. It's time. I chose to. I feel very sad. I don't want to but it's necessary. A man, he has a beard, is sad. I linger near him after I die. He cries for me. I feel sad but try to make him feel O.K. about my leaving. (57 words)
#0410 (1981-04-16)

Someone shot an arrow at a helicopter and it crashed in flames. A narrator said, "Woody sort of threw this thing and it made a noise and kind of hurt it." I thought, "What a cover up! Disgusting." I saw a car with huge baskets on the top of it driving away. I was writing a play. It called for a new character. I got stuck and then inspiration struck and I wrote one in. [BL] (75 words)
#0411 (1981-04-17)

I'm in the passenger side of a car. A man is drawing. We pick up hitch hikers, a man and a woman. The woman is really talkative. She soon is sitting next to me and chatting away. She has my books under her arm and I'm concerned that she's going to steal them. I watch her closely. We get to a house and go in. It's time to clean up. I ask her to help put away the food. She balks and complains. I don't start work until I see that she has done her share and then I start doing it too. She put lots of things in the wrong place and I correct it. The man watches all this and as I'm washing dishes, he starts to talk to me. He says, "He worked in Louisiana, do you know what that was like?" I said, "Ya, bugs, heat, etc." He tells me about getting malaria. His feet were too short for the first 8 years of his life. (170 words)
#0413 (1981-04-18)

I am sweet sixteen. A man wants to make love to me, but I don't want to. He follows me. I feel uncomfortable. He says I'm deliberately turning him on. I say, "No, I'm not." He grabs me and starts to rape me. I get very angry and beat the shit out of him. I lose control and hit and hit and hit. He goes away. The women's center decides to assist me even though I've not been technically raped, i.e. because of no actual penetration. I want to be alone but they all crowd into my office. I'm glad I don't have to worry about being pregnant. Now I go to another office. I have a 3 month old baby. The agency comes. A woman takes the baby. It's a happy experience. They give me a newborn, my new charge to love and nurture for 3 months or until it gets adopted. I sadly kiss the older baby goodbye and happily receive the new one. It's sleeping, so I put in on a chair by my desk to sleep. A young man comes to talk. He's quite surprised when I tell him I've had many, many children and then explain that I don't actually birth them. They're from the adoption agency. [BL] (212 words)
#0414 (1981-04-18)

I'm driving an old car, my '61 Comet. There are lots of lanes, a freeway. Then there's snow on the ground and I'm on a dirt road. In the snow, I skid and lose control. I realize as I pumped the brakes that I have no control, so I just sit there and steer to a soft as possible "crash" into a bank. I sit there, wondering what I'll do now! A huge dog bounds up and is wagging his tail. I get out to look over the situation. I see I have a flat tire, the left rear tire. I think, "Huh! Another one!" I open the trunk and look in, sleeping bags, wires, and junk. I'm thinking, "Yuck." I'm standing in muddy puddles, and I can't find a tire repair, or spare tire. This is not comfortable. I look around to see if anyone's around that can help me. Then I'm aware that the car is going to blow up. I run for cover. A man is running with me. I run into his house. The car explodes. I wonder, "Now what?!" The man is delighted to meet me. He's heard about me and has wanted to meet me for awhile. I decide to go on. He says to be sure and get acquainted with the natives. That will be good for me. My 2 cats hop up on my shoulders and ride with me. The man is impressed. I see slug-like creatures in his hallway. They repulse me. I ask if they are dangerous. "What are they?" I step on one accidently and it pops. "Ugh." As I leave, I become aware that the man is very pleasant and I would probably enjoy knowing him. I wonder why I'm leaving. (293 words)
#0415 (1981-04-18)

A large, fat woman is a guest speaker for the C. dept. In the middle of her speech, she looks sad and concerned and scared and starts crying. She is unable to go on. I talk to her and console her. I say, "Don't worry, I don't like half the people here and I work here with them." I tell her it's O.K. to do what she did. No one will despise her for it. She turns black and her face gets contorted. I'm a little amazed. I pat her on the hand and continue to console her. (98 words)
#0416 (1981-04-19)

A huge refrigerator, freezer, oven, furnace combo machine. I am looking at all the nice extra features like a mirror so I can see if the pilot light is on easily. All these extra items cost extra money. I open a sliding drawer and find lots of extra "free" things. I'm delighted. there are lots of pots and pans of different sizes. A spotted green metal one, and lots of measuring cups and spoons, carrot sticks, apple slices, foods, etc. I am spooning out the white flour and I call to Paulina to bring me a container. I fill it (a one cup measuring cup), and ask for another. I have a feeling of happiness as I put things away where they belong. (123 words)
#0418 (1981-04-20)

My Aunt Elaine and Grandma Agnes are the first of a number of relatives that are visiting me. I am wondering what I'm going to feed them. I look in my cupboards and find not quite a pound of hamburger. It won't be enough to make my old stand by, spaghetti. I am chatting with grandma who looks years younger. I ask her, "Don't you go to the United Methodist Church? We have one here, in my new neighborhood. There are lots of old women that have the same disease as me, but no one my age," I say sadly. Grandma starts walking to the store. I run after her, shouting to her and then haven't the courage to ask her to get me some more hamburger. I decide I'd better go get it myself, rather than ask for help. I am annoyed that I have to. It takes so much of my energy. (154 words)
#0419 (1981-04-20)

Mort (a client) and the girls are at a table. Ellie and I talk. I really listen to her and understand her frustrations. A good feeling of rapport grows between us. There is some kind of danger and we need to hide, underwater in a bathtub. Ellie and Paulina are there and I'm helping them so they don't panic. We talk about how well they did after they come up. There is something about their mother who left them. Ellie is a little mad at her. (86 words)
#0420 (1981-04-20)

American has purchased reclaimed land from the sea. It ranges from Alaska to the tip of South America on the Pacific Ocean side. It's called "Tilla Lilly." I see a picture of it. It's bigger than Texas and Alaska combined! Much bigger! I am impressed. Then I say, "But oh, now the shape of the U.S. is changed to a square, I mean an oblong. How sad." (67 words)
#0421 (1981-04-21)

2 other persons and myself are making something illegal. We are going to sell it for lots of money. Some people come and try to get the stuff away from us. One person comes and sniffs it to see if it's potent and starts to walk away with it without paying for it. I feel helpless; I want to stop them but I'm afraid to. Another person goes after them and asks for the money. I'm glad they did it. The person refuses to pay and gets arrogant. "So what are you going to do about it?" I pick up a small revolver and shoot the person in the neck. I feel badly but I feel better when I realize that it's a small bullet and will hurt them, but not kill them, .22 caliber. He gives us back the stuff. The one who went after the money feels sad because we'll always be in trouble or uptight because we're dealing with stuff others will always try to take away from us. I say, "No, that's silly! We can sell this, take the money and invest it, and let the money work for us." Then the mother of one of us comes for dinner. We hide the stuff and camouflage the gun. I put a tape cassette over it. The "mom" brings a good-looking young man. Someone cooks the dinner. Each serving is a lovely bouquet of cut flowers. It's too pretty to eat. I'm glad I've already eaten my dinner. [BL] (251 words)
#0422 (1981-04-22)

At night, it's time to rest. I lay down on the ground. A lion jumps me. I shoot it. I can't tell if I've killed it because it's all dark. I decide to rest with my back to a rock. A rock over, hangs above me and I place sharp sticks in the ground all around me, so the sticks will get them before they get me. (67 words)
#0423 (1981-04-22)

I'm in T City. I look out the window and I see huge white puffs of smoke and steam. Mt. St. Helens has blown. I see a white sky scraper in Dover that falls over. The awesome power of the volcano is approaching me at T City. I run to the sink to fill empty milk bottles with water before the shock wave hits. (64 words)
#0424 (1981-04-22)

I'm talking to my father. I put out 2 cigs that are burning in an ashtray. I see my mother smoking. I ask my father, "How can that be?" He says, "Oh, once in awhile, she'll smoke one." I am reading a book and in the book is a story of the Sanders family. It talks about dreams we have. I am confused to find such personal stuff printed. "How did they know?" Dad is explaining it. I get a sense of understanding that I've made too big a deal about it; I've made it too mysterious. It's pretty matter-of-fact. (100 words)
#0425 (1981-04-22)

I'm trying to find the road to T City. I'm in the city but I can't find the way to the ocean and the farm. I stop and ask for directions. I ask an old woman. She tries to tell me but can't exactly remember. "This shopping center is gone now and that junction is changed now." She says something about Cleveland. I'm annoyed. If she'll just tell me where XXX Road is, I'll find the farm. I walk out and see my Uncle Wilbur. He's a psychic. I walk up to him. I say, "Hi, tell me how to get to your farm. I've forgotten!" He frowns and says, "What time is it?" I say, "A few minutes past 5." He frowns because I've asked him a question after work hours. He takes my hand to do a reading, even though he's annoyed with me. I'm annoyed at him too; I didn't want a reading, I just wanted directions to his home. He twitches and makes odd faces. He says, "Are you from Cleveland?" I say, "No! A woman just said that city, so it's fresh in my mind!" I am then a little impressed because how could he know that? He goes on. Then 2 women join us. One named Beth asks if we'd been together before in past lives. He holds our hands. We're in a circle and he starts twitching again. He and Beth have had lives together before and they talk about it. (248 words)
#0428 (1981-04-24)

A woman is eating her last supper because her husband is going to kill her. She has a plate full of nuts, almonds, filberts, walnuts, etc. She says it's her very favorite meal. I think it's a little strange. I go to talk to the husband. He's had a rough childhood. I follow him into his trailer. He's on a starvation kick. I offer him a salad. He laughs and leans back on the couch pillows. He's not interested. I notice that my blouse is unbuttoned and it's part way open. It's seductive and I notice I look like a boy that way. Now he's my husband and we're at some kind of fair. I am looking around and walk away from him for awhile. A man with glasses notices me and follows me. He wants to pick me up. I smile because he doesn't know I have a husband. I see a line of Santa Clauses getting ready to sing carols. I notice they are firemen dressing as Santas. I am approaching the boundary of the fair and I stand at a T crossroads contemplating which way to turn. I then leave and then come back to the fair. (200 words)
#0430 (1981-04-25)

I'm in a room with lots of other people. Something's wrong with my arm or leg. Therese (a hard of hearing student) plays nurse. She grinds up a Wright's Aspirin. I refuse to take it until I know what's in it. She's annoyed with me and I explain that I react badly to caffeine. She calls the doctor, a Japanese man, who'll come look at me later. I am playing patient, somehow. (72 words)
#0431 (1981-04-25)

I'm going to a series of interesting classes and movies. Raul and I go to a movie. A woman directs the movie. I say, "Hey, this is live acting, not a movie!" Someone pulls a movie screen down so part of it is a movie, and part of it is live. Hank comes out to play the piano. I'm surprised. I didn't know he played the piano! The director asks me and the audience what kind of monsters we want. "Creepy crawly crabs or supermen monsters?" I say, "Oh! The crabs." I don't want to see supermen monsters! Raul and I leave and go to another movie. It's on the women's side so I have to sneak him in. He says he realizes that I'm right and he has much to learn. I feel glad he finally has stopped ignoring my worth. We are great friends and I help him. In one seminar, there is a discussion of nutrition. I ask them to repeat it. I missed it. Then George has to go to a class at an earlier time. He's upset at first and then agrees that it's a good learning experience. He laughs and says, "Well, think about the elderly people. They have to get on the train and go and they don't complain. I guess I can." The class is over and I am trying to read many interesting books on fascinating subjects. One is about the French psychology. I try to read two books at once. I feel sexual excitement and I try to button up my jeans. I feel an orgasm. (266 words)
#0433 (1981-04-26)

Cousin Terence has a newborn baby girl. I hold her. She's very beautiful and well-formed. She's also very intelligent and talks. I think it's quite remarkable that I can be privy to how a newborn thinks and feels. I hold her and we talk. My "sister" and "cousin" Darcy talk about when they were born. I try to remember their birthdays. Darcy's is XXX 3rd or so and my "sister's" is XXX the 15th. My "sister" explains that they were born with nearly half a brain. If you are born with just half a brain, you die. I see what looks like a water melon being chopped in half by a huge knife; however, they have a little more than half a brain. I am drawn to Terence's baby girl. I wrap her in a pretty blanket I knitted. I'm explaining things to her. (144 words)
#0434 (1981-04-27)

I'm in a store, on the ground floor. I buy something. I go to the elevator and go up to the 3rd floor. I get out and realize that I really wanted the 1st floor all along. I go back to the elevator. I pick up things I had dropped. I have lots of dollar bills and change loosely hanging out of my pockets. I pick up crochet hooks, knitting needles, and yarn. My crutches are upside down, in a corner. As I get to 1st floor, I see Patsy. She wants to talk. At first, I don't really want to listen but then I don't mind helping out. (109 words)
#0436 (1981-05-02)

Someone and I are offered beads to string for fun and profit. We made a baby rattle that's very cute. I try several other designs. Now I'm measuring on a map with a hairpin like device that is unbent. I can't make out the writing on the map but I see some water channels and locks and a bay. I see "Golden Gate" written on the bay. I get a feeling that we're sailing and decide it would be fun to stop off at the Golden Gate Bay before going on our journey east (incorrect numbering there are no dreams numbered 330-339). (102 words)
#0437 (1981-05-01)

I am very angry. I see my old diaries and journals and I'm aware that some people have read them without my permission. I say to them, "I am very angry. I trusted you." I feel their guilt and I feel somehow that it's at least partly my fault because I left them out unattended. I feel good to say I am angry. [BL] (63 words)
#0438 (1981-05-03)

I'm in M City. It's time for graduation ceremonies. I get angry at Andrea and I swear at her. I tell her to fuck off because it's not necessary to be so rough on little babies. She signals that she refuses to be treated this way. I feel guilty that I don't find a nicer way of telling her but I also realize that the only way I'll get heard is to yell it out quickly. She isn't going to hang out and let me talk about it. I'm now driving my wheelchair through the streets of M City, down Main Street. I drive fast and nearly cause a wreck with a school bus. I go over railroad tracks. I then turn and go down the tracks for one block. I'm on gravel and I get hit in both eyes. A narrator tells how this is very common. I get on Main Street. I pass a cafe I used to frequent. Co-worker Tyler is in there. I feel like I'd like to go in there but I'm embarrassed to because I'm in the chair. I drive on by. I get to the high school. There are lots of stairs. Some woman asks if I need help. I say, "Oh maybe. If you stand at the bottom to block me if I get going too fast." I bounce down the stairs in my chair. Then I look for the woman's restroom. I go in. It's very crowded with lots of women and co-worker Josh and one other man. He says, "Well, after the 'women's' sign there was a little 'men's' sign." He reads things literally, so he came in. I feel shocked but try to act like it's quite normal. (289 words)
#0441 (1981-05-05)

There are two men, one is older, like Morgan and one is younger. They find me. I had left them before. I leave them again. I go to college. I am an artist that chose not to use my professional status to get a good spot at school. I ask for a male teacher, and then I connect with another woman artist and together we create really beautiful art. We compliment and complete one another. (75 words)
#0444 (1981-05-08)

I am waving good-bye to a very dear friend. The distance between us is growing. I make the "I love you" sign with each hand and wave them at her. I feel bereft, alone, separated, and sad. Later, I am reunited with a friend. It is intense. It is a need. He and I just can't be apart. As we are reunited, a baby lunges across the water and throws itself at us in a sense of desperation. The baby needed us so badly, that she/he "walked on water," which is a miracle. One knee got wet. We are all so happy clinging to one another. (106 words)
#0445 (1981-05-08)

Mabel is trying to bring Andrea and I back together. We are sitting at a table together in a meeting. Mabel stands up and starts to announce how we've been having difficulties. Both Andrea and I get embarrassed and angry and tell her to leave us alone. During the course of the meeting, we have to talk to each other and I smile and look her in the eye, being open to reconciliation. She continues to be cold. I smile at that too. How typical of her. (87 words)
#0446 (1981-05-08)

I'm at Mabel's house. They have offered to let me live with them for awhile. I'm trying to look up the name of the class I'm going to register for. I see "Side Role Stereotypes" and "Marriage." I can't find the right information. I get angry at her for offering to help and then not being any help. I say, "Huh! You said you could offer me alternative veggie foods, and a non-smoking, caring environment." She shrugs and looks helpless. Her husband comes in and says, "I've got a job in Bermuda. Let's go." I groan, "I have class. I can't go!" He says, "Well, go to your class and come later. Just drive there, but be sure not to take a boat. Of all the places where you take a boat, this is the one you shouldn't." I am surprised one can take a road and drive there. (149 words)
#0447 (1981-05-09)

I'm getting ready to go somewhere. I'm doing up the dishes, taking many pills, and hoping I took the right ones and not too many. Muffin Cat has swallowed a clock and is ticking like captain Hook's crocodile. Things are messy and not quite right, out of sync. I am looking at an old photo album of my mother that I've never seen before. There are lot of pictures. Her father looks like Clyde, my father's stepdad, and a little like Jared. They had bought swampland. There's lots of muddy water covering bike paths. One photo is of my mother and Clyde standing neck deep in one mud hole. Lots of leather, and a sense of money that got lost later. My mother's graduation picture. She says, "See, Jackie Gleason, a fine poet and the world's worst comedian and look what he got famous for, how ironic." (147 words)
#0450 (1981-05-13)

I'm talking on a tape recorder at a woman's request. We had met briefly at a conference and she likes people she meets to talk and give feedback. 3 men talk first. I'm impressed that she can attract so many. Then I start to describe our meeting. I tell how she was on a bus (in the driver's seat). My 2 sons and I (Ricardo and Rigo) get on the bus. The older son deliberately throws a fit and acts in ways that cause several women to think I'm a bad mom. Vivian, however, wasn't snowed, so I liked her for that. Then I'm holding the young one on my back, with his blanket wrapped around him. He's asleep and I'm pacing to keep him asleep. As I pace, I look down at my feet and notice how well I'm walking and then as I watch, I slow down and mid-step, I'm unable to go on. I am amazed at how delicate the process all is. As I talk on the recorder, I see a cardboard that is really a space ship. I want to go. Someone says, "You can go," and wraps the cardboard around me. I am reading the directions around me. I mustn't read so many books. I should deal with people and experiences more. (218 words)
#0451 (1981-05-15)

I'm in my chair. I see a steam vent growing into a volcano. There are 5 of them. One is right at the edge of the ocean. I sit within 3 feet of it. I am annoyed that I would sit that close to danger. Then Ginny, Ernie, and I go down the road. We stop at a store. They go in. I wait. They come out and I see by their faces that they are angry and holding it in. I say, "Ah, you two need to have some space alone so you can argue it out and get over it." I then suggest that I leave. Ginny however says, "I'll go get your syrup first," and goes off. I start to protest, "It's O.K., deal with this. Don't bother with that errand," but she's gone. I ask Ernie, "What happened?" Maybe it will be helpful if he talks it out. He tells how one small incident lead to another and built up into a big deal. I try to point out that it wasn't really all Ginny's fault but he still can't see that, so I realize that I'd better let them work through it. She comes back. I look at the syrup and feel hesitant to say anything, because it's the wrong kind. It has sugar in it. I hesitantly tell her, and she feels badly. She goes to exchange it. She comes back. They won't talk about the incident. I encourage them to. Something about grandma Mildred and grandpa Lloyd in their house and then something about a baby that needs to be returned, he/she got lost. (271 words)
#0452 (1981-05-16)

I have attracted the interest of a very wealthy man. I am a quad in a chair. He has a Cadillac convertible limousine. He puts me in the back seat with him. He asks me, "How do you like it?" I laugh and say, "But it's soo big!" A black man is the chauffeur. The rich guy smiles and says, That way you have room for all your friends." He says, "I got this car for you because I don't want you to have to drive." I laugh and say, "Oh ho! Well, let me tell you, I will too drive. I'll buy a van with hand controls with my own money." He looks upset. I say, "Well, that doesn't mean I'll ever drive it, it just means I have to power to do it if I want to. That's called independence." I look at the black man who is driving and we exchange meaningful glances at my word independence and being in a southern city. "In fact," I say, "people have been known to fight wars over this very issue!" We're now walking down a boardwalk where very poor black people live and we can see into their tiny rooms where they are terribly overcrowded. I comment that a part of one drawer is each persons private area and they would kill to preserve that privacy. As I talk, we walk past people who pee on the sidewalk. One woman pees on my leg. I am annoyed with the odor and wish I had thought to walk around behind her instead of in front of her. (267 words)
#0453 (1981-05-19)

A road is quickly laid down on a hill. I see the coarse gravel and rocks quickly smoothing out. I see the tar poured over it. I start to walk on the new road. I say in my dream, "Oh, it's now hard and can support my weight," but it's not. I see my feet prints in the new tar. The road is slipping. There are printed words and marks on the road and they are slipping so they don't match up. I roll off the edge to take my weight off the road until it hardens. As I lay to the side, a woman lays behind me and she must hold on to me because if she doesn't, she'll slide over the edge. She grabs a hold of my breasts and hangs on. I turn away from her and I feel an orgasm. It feels faint, and far away. I am aware that the orgasm has nothing to do with the fact that the woman is physically close to me but has to do with the biological needs of my body. (182 words)
#0455 (1981-05-21)

Aunt Naomi, my mother and I are sitting at a table. Aunt Naomi is talking about past lives. I see someone changing right before my eyes. They are half-animal, a monster. I scream. Then I want to see mine. I stand up and look in a mirror. At first, I see a green face. It is ugly. Then I see an animal face, all hairy and coarse. Then I see rapid changes, like a fast chronicle of lives passing. I was a beast, a prostitute, a courtesan, and a nun in WW II. That was my last life before this one. This life is a life of transition from body, sex and egocentricity to spirituality, spiritually oriented and religious. (119 words)
#0456 (1981-05-21)

Someone steals my wheelchair, the new neighborhood boys who live in apartment #9. They laugh at me. I feel angry. I run after them. I feel angry because I can't run well and they know it, so as I chase after them, I feel embarrassed, trapped, and manipulated. Then I notice I can run very well! I catch up with him and hop up in his lap. He laughs. I grab his glasses off his face and say, "Give me back my chair or I'll bend your glass frames until they break." At first, he laughs because he doesn't think I'll do it. As I start to do it, he believes me. I feel badly because I almost really break them. I take my chair back to my van. I notice someone's pushed very close to it. My brother Jake says, "See, if you move your van, then you have room." (151 words)
#0457 (1981-05-22)

I'm in Vietnam. 2 others and myself are defending ourselves. We form a triangle; we lay pieces of sugarless gum out to guard us. Hordes of soldiers come at us. We fire. I shoot down many helicopters. I get skilled at where I'm to aim in order to shoot off their propellers. A sense of danger and trusting the other 2 to do their share and protect my back, as I'm protecting theirs. Then I have a bag of diamonds and a bag of gold. I change my clothes from beautiful to plain so no one will know I have these riches. I am sneaking off with them. (108 words)
#0458 (1981-05-22)

A party. Co-worker Josh stands between 2 pianos and says, "I'm thinking (fantasizing). I'm singing now." I smile and say, "Ah, but I'm the real singer." I replace him between the pianos. I note that one is the old one and one is the new one. Lydia and my mother are preparing the party. They release little golden canaries in the room. I think, "They are sure pretty. I hope they don't get eaten or poop on the guests." The punch is red and lumpy. Lydia tastes it and says, "Yuck. The part where the eyes aren't cooked tastes terrible!" I try it gingerly. (104 words)
#0460 (1981-05-31)

A large man with large hands and head like my grandfather Lloyd in body shape, but my age, loves me. I love him and I'm very surprised that I do. I tell him he's not the type I've been dreaming about for years. He's quiet, strong, sure of himself and emotionally supportive. I am very drawn to him but I'm afraid because I might soon get bored with him and then become attracted to another man who is adventurous, rich, and handsome. Then, I become very aware that this quiet man is exactly what I need; that there is challenge, risk, and adventure in inwardly, introspective ways. We hug. I kiss him. He puts his penis in my vagina. I help him and then I'm embarrassed because we're standing up, fully clothed and in a hallway. People could easily see us. I tell him this. He pulls back and apologizes. He says he's sorry. He just loves me so much that he couldn't wait. Then he says he knows how wrong he was. I feel like dismissing all my former bad thoughts about his actions. I do so. Later, we are making love. It is wonderful. Then doors need to be shut to keep out the upsurge of the ocean, so we want doors. I rush and shut the doors and I feel fear that it will get in anyway. An equal relationship in both of us loving each other. I feel a tremendous sense of security and relief. Finally I love someone and he's right for me. (258 words)
#0461 (1981-05-31)

A group of people compliment me on my good work on "Barb's Follies," and nonchalantly tell me they would like me to create another one on June 5...3 or 4 days away. I call for volunteers. No one shows up to help me. I feel frantic and put upon. I voice my disapproval but still I try to do what has been asked of me. Rhonda comes in. A group of nurses are around a table (or park and rec students). One says to me, "Do you have a zip lock sandwich bag?," and then realizes I wouldn't because I'm not one of them. I'm disabled. (106 words)
#0466 (1981-06-11)

I am being asked to sing. I say, "I'm afraid." My friend (maybe Ginny) says, "Here, wear this," and hands me a pretty black, lacy scarf. She looks at me and says, "You are a lady! Act like one!" I feel proud of my new image. It feels "new born." I look lovely. We walk out, hand in hand to the stage. Ginny then cries out, "Oh! I'll cry if Rachel loves you." Her feelings are hurt because Rachel loves her. I say, "Now, I don't think she's in love with me." Ginny says impatiently, "Oh, one never knows. Only the person in love knows. You can't control that." [BL] (109 words)
#0468 (1981-06-24)

Brian has made miraculous improvements. He has muscle strength, and now he speaks clearer. I am very pleased. I lay down in his wheelchair with him. He holds on to me and hugs me desperately. I start to get up, but his need is so great just to cuddle with someone, so I stay. His nurse or attendant, whom I had hired, is shocked and threatens to quit her job. I talk to her and help her understand that nothing bad happened. I just gave him some basic affection. She agrees to stay. I feel relieved. I think I was reassuring myself as much as her. Later, Brian walks in, leaning on others. I start applauding, and others join in. There is feeling of joy. (125 words)
#0469 (1981-07-15)

A Columbine flower. I must eat its poison berry to get well. A newborn baby girl is handed to me. I love it and I feel very happy. It's wrapped in a pink blanket. It has brown, thick, curly hair with reddish highlights. I caress it and exclaim, "How nice! Look Ellie, now there are two of you with the same hair coloring and two blondes." Then we're in a trailer house/camper and it's tumbling over and over. I protect the baby by making a circle with my arms and holding my body around her. I am concerned for her safety. [BL] (101 words)
#0470 (1981-07-16)

I am teaching a young girl princess to act. The scene is a couch. It's a seduction scene. I tell her that the night before a performance, I go to the theatre and look at the stage and visualize the performance. The girl asks me if I like her. I say, "Yes." I do like her. She is glad because she thought I didn't. We're done rehearsing and we start back. She rides with me in a go-cart wheelchair. We come to some stairs. I say, "We have to get out and walk down the stairs." Then I say, "Wait here, I have to go talk to someone." I ask permission to talk to Jim E. His secretary says, "O.K., but his assistant is with him." I say, "Fine." I go in. They (he and his wife), are in the process of going bankrupt (his wife's business). As I listen to them, I think, "Why didn't I do it that way?," (Jim E had suggested that each salesman be given part payment in cash). I don't remember why I want to talk to him. (184 words)
#0471 (1981-07-23)

Humphrey Bogart is my husband. I am Lauren Bacall. He calls me "Baby." We are in a car. A boy lays down on the road. We see him and don't back up over him. He runs away up some cement stairs to his parents. We follow so we can meet the parents and tell what happened. We meet them. The woman is a black woman, and the man is white. I say, "Oh, how coincidental. My husband (Bogart) is black and I am white. We were meant by fate to meet and get to know each other. (97 words)
#0473 (1981-08-10)

A black man, powerful, with a fist and a pointing finger in place of his head, pointed at white man pretending to be a jiving black man. He pointed at him and said in a very powerful voice, "Don't mess with the L." It was so strong that the jiver fell to his knees clutching the belt of the big guy and stammered. "No, I won't. I promise." He was thoroughly impressed with the strength of the statement "Don't mess with the lady!" (83 words)
#0474 (1981-08-12)

I go to a crystal ball reader. He's late so I go into the room to wait. I go peek in the ball. I'm curious. It is clean. I see nothing. I want to though. I sense the reader smiling to himself. I'm not supposed to look into the crystal ball but he knew I'd try. As I leave, I am reading a newsletter. The reader has published my story. He tells of my back history, disease, marriage, and mistaken beliefs, but points out how changed I am now, how good and smart and neat I am. I am embarrassed but also glad. It's about time I get recognized for my positive side. Ginny comes in and mentions I owe a penny here and there on past postage. I am embarrassed and say, "Yes, I meant to pay that but I just put it off. I'll do it." [BL] (148 words)
#0475 (1981-08-28)

Leonard Nimoy and I are climbing a snow covered mountain. There are dangerous avalanches high up. I see them as small and far away and feel some anxiety about it coming too close. I stand on a large bridge high up over a huge and deep river. I say, "At least here I am safe." Then I say, "Unless of course, there are earthquakes." Someone says, "You don't have to say that!" Leonard and I go on. I see a room. It is a secret room for Leonard. I look in the window and I see metal boxes and things. Leonard is married. I follow him into the room. I think, "He is a renaissance man." I am drawn to him because of his excellent skills in thinking, creativity, art, etc. As I go in, Leonard has placed himself in a metal thing which clamps his head painfully. It's small like he has to curl up like a baby to fit in it. I watch and feel sad for his pain. I turn to go out the door. He says, "No! Shut the door and lock it. Make sure the cat doesn't get out, a large black cat." I hesitate and then do so because his need for me to do that is very strong. I wait wedged into a corner near the door. Then he grows long legs that pop out of the machine. Then he gets out of the machine. He is very tall. He leans over to embrace me and then shrinks as he falls to his knees and places his head on my breasts and hugs me closely. I comfort him. He stands up very tall and hugs and kisses me. We go lie down to make love. (292 words)
#0476 (1981-08-28)

I am driving a car but I'm sitting in the back seat, reaching over into the front seat. Lucy is steering (she is blind). I have control of start/stop. She has control of direction. I see for her and tell her how to turn. I am feeling anxious because we could have an accident. I am driving in the snow. I want to turn right. She doesn't turn in time. We go on too far and then swing around just in time. The tire tracks look like Irish fisherman knit patterns on the snow. (94 words)
#0479 (1981-10-31)

I had two dreams about Michael. Both times he sat a short distance from me with his back to me. Then he moved closer and sat very near but not touching. I shyly reached out and rubbed his foot with my foot. I wanted us to be closer but I didn't make any moves to make it happen. (58 words)
#0480 (1981-11-09)

A man and his friend are going to steal a giant roll of toilet paper. The man sneaks into a room. He calls to his friend to help as he starts to back out of the room. The door opens and he backs right into a tall, large guy who wears black, thick-framed glasses. The big guy backs the man into the wall and starts to French kiss him. The man is paralyzed with fear. I want him to run away but everything is frozen. His friend hops into a large pair of overalls to try to help the man get away. (102 words)
#0481 (1981-11-09)

I am in bed with my brother Dwight and my father. Dwight lays with his arm across my breasts. It is sensual, pleasant, and relaxed. Then he says, "No, I will want more. This is incest." He rolls over on his stomach and lies rigid, not touching me. My father, on the other side of Dwight, raises up and yawns. He says he's going to go have lunch now. My mother is in another room. She comes in frowning. (79 words)
#0483 (1981-12-01)

A phrase, "The War's Over." I am a Queen. My hair is combed to look like roses. I see my bed in a field. War planes are taking off right over it. I think, "How sad." She/I can't sleep well this way. I see a stage now. A famous opera singer/dancer performs. Her face is cold, emotionless. A light is around her. She's seen even in a crowd. I'm now a princess. The Queen on my left and I walk down the stairs to the stage. It's a formal ceremony to honor the singer. I put my hand out to rest it on the Queen's arm and then I remember that rank-wise, it is for her to do. We reverse and she puts her hand on my arm. I think to myself as we walk slowly down the stairs, "The singer had better appreciate this." She doesn't. She is very haughty. (151 words)
#0485 (1981-12-02)

The stray kittens plead for food. They are very hungry. I feel badly for them. I look in the refrigerator. I find some sugar cakes and some cheese. I am dressing up to go out on a date. It's a conservative outfit, but as soon as I'm out the door, I'll readjust the front and it will be very sexy. There's a bruise on my neck. I have a belt around my neck and then I put it around my waist. My kids watch. I go outside, stairs. I say, "Where's the elevator?" They say, "No problem. You can go up the stairs." I am annoyed. It will be painful. I go up one flight. Then I sit down and say, "No, I'll go in the elevator. These stairs don't go where I want anyway." (they went back doors). I see penguins that live on the stairs. If radio activity gets bad, they die and then we know. Some lie down dead. [BL] (162 words)
#0486 (1982-01-11)

I'm standing in an open field. It's the safest place. No trees can fall on me, etc. There are many space crafts in the air. We are launching a car at the moon. A large rectangular craft throws the car. It is difficult. I watch the car slowly lumber toward the moon. I hope it is successful. 3 men escort me to a "safer" place. I protest. I was in the safest place and I want to return. One of the men (a friend), tells me about his father having a heart attack last night and I feel badly. I tell him that it wasn't his fault. I go back to the center of the field and stand. I see a huge Japanese ship coming close. Then I see many small round space crafts. One comes right over me and hovers over my head. I feel nervous and protest, "This as an invasion of privacy." It reads what's in my mind! (161 words)
#0487 (1982-06-01)

Corinne is swimming and sees a boat, a row boat under the water. She points at it and dives to bring it up. I get worried. She's down too long. I yell at Uncle Lionel, "Can I borrow your row boat with a motor?" I get in and Dwight and Lydia come with me. We help get it up and put it (small and crumpled) into Lionel's boat. Lydia sees two prettily painted red oars. We go back to shore and discover we're wearing old-fashioned swim suits. We've gone back in time! Lydia is jabbering and bragging about it and I give her a long intense lecture about keeping her mouth shut. "I don't want anyone to know, so we can get back to our own time!" (127 words)
#0488 (1982-09-01)

Wednesday. Two little dark haired boys are sleeping in a huge bed. The littlest one is restless and curls up next to the other one. He gets mad and pushes the little one away. The little one rolls off the bed with a big thump. He gets back in bed and says, "Let's look at the dragons." We then see the wall at the foot of the bed from his point of view. My cousin Sonja and I are in the audience watching. She asks, "What is it?" I say, "You'e never seen the tree leave shadows dance on your wall at night?" The shadows dance. We are hushed and nervous. Then one, then 2, then 4 dragon shapes sit in the trees. One is the little boys teddy bear with horns. "Isn't that cute?," we say. He gets scared and we feel it too. He yells. The only thing we can do is shut our eyes and go to sleep. He clamps his eyes shut tightly and the forms all disappear and it is absolutely silent. He peeks with one eye. It all comes back. He "sleeps" rigidly. His mother comes in with a young lady, his sister. She blows out two candles that had been making the forms and says to the sister, "They've been sleeping here since you've gone from the attic and been to Europe for a year." (232 words)
#0490 (1982-09-04)

Saturday. Lots and lots of little cute fuzzy kittens are playing under my feet. I have to step very carefully so as not to hurt them. They belong to my mother. I ask her where my toothbrush is. She says, "I put it with mine." I go to her room slowly as the kitties pile under my feet. At first I can't find it. I break a pretty vase. Then I find the brushes in a box at the foot of her bed. My grandma Agnes asks me if I need help finishing my needle work projects. I say, "No," and start listing the projects. She says, "Don't forget to finish your name on your tummy." By the time I finish listing my projects, I regret not accepting her offered help. (131 words)
#0491 (1982-09-04)

There are aliens under the mud in a lake. I see a hand reaching up to get me as I paddle on the surface in an inner tube. Later, a film all garbled and I recognize it is a movie taken by the aliens of my butt and my garbled (through water speech). I realize they were talking about me. (60 words)
#0492 (1982-09-09)

Thursday. I'm sitting in the front row of an audience. Soon it's my turn to go up and do another performance of B.'s Follies. I can't remember the words to the songs. I ask my singing partner (Rosemary). She shrugs her shoulders. She doesn't remember either. I ask Dolores. She doesn't remember. My grandmother Mildred is playing songs on an organ as warm-ups. I'm crying and frantic. I'm panicked. I search through old papers for the words. I don't find the right papers. Dolores reminds me for the second time that it's time to take attendance. I snap at her, "Later. I have to find the words first." I am angry at her insensitivity. I'm panicked and angry at my unpreparedness. I said, "Why didn't I prepare better?" (128 words)
#0493 (1982-09-09)

I'm getting on a bus to go to a performance of B.'s Follies. Preston is going to drive. He presses his nose on the window. I ask him if he has the words. He makes a funny face. I say in Spanish, "Tu nariz esta en la ventana?" He touches it like he's a little boy. (56 words)
#0494 (1982-09-09)

A famous woman like India's prime minister is walking down the street. She sees a car with a man in it and then a car with a woman in it. She has a premonition that the man will try to run over her and the woman will save her. As it starts to happen, I am her. I see the car coming at me and I throw myself up against a wall in defeat because I'm trapped. Then I think, "Oh, how awful," and turn around in the nick of time and leap straight up seconds before he hits me. I roll over the top of the car. I yell at him, "You almost killed me!" He smiles and shrugs. I say, "Give me your name and insurance." He gives me a card. I say, "I'll bet this is the wrong phone number." He grins. I say, "I'll take your license number. It is RE 7-12." I memorize it and then walk toward school. As I near the door, I see him walking, whistling happily behind me. I say sarcastically, "Here, allow me," and I open the door for him. He shrugs and accepts. As we walk in he says, "You aren't ever going to forgive me, are you?" He sounds upset like he doesn't understand why I'd hold a grudge on such a minor thing. (226 words)
#0495 (1982-09-10)

Friday. Nate follows me around. I'm vacationing at the beach. He wants to be with me and push me around in my manual wheelchair. I am exasperated but permit him to. As we come to a steep hill that ends in the sand, he lets go of the manual chair and stands and watches me. I make a decision to help myself down the hill, although it will be difficult. I make it safely. I am amazed at Nate but realize that I knew it would happen. I half-push, half-crawl through the sand. I go into the surf. A huge brown wave comes from the shore side. I am nearly drowned. I am afraid and tell Ginny, "I'm going onto shore. This is too rough and dangerous." I struggle back to shore. Ginny and two women are supportive, emotionally. (139 words)
#0496 (1982-09-16)

I am the piano teacher. My pupil is a young man. We start warm up exercises in duo. We sound great on the scales. It sounds like Beethoven. Co-worker Tyler is in the audience. Bruce is also. They are favorably impressed. I say, "It's time to begin," and then I start to say, "You need to..." Ethan smiles and says, "Aren't I ever gentle?" He says just before I do, "Yes, with gentle people." [BL] (74 words)
#0498 (1982-10-15)

I go into cafeteria similar to L.C.C. Some convention has filled it up. I go to a cafe near by, but there's no room. I finally find a stand and buy a scrawny half sandwich for $1.19. I try to pay in pesos and then I find American money. I'm not satisfied with my purchase. It's not enough and it's so costly. Then I go to a meeting. As I come to the closed door, the leader comes out. He is a cat. He stands up and paws my suit jacket where he is going to up the name tag. I turn my head away to the left. I find being near him distasteful. I go in. The room is lined with women of all different shapes and styles, but they are all confused or sad, or uncomfortable. It's like a re-entry workshop for women. Most of us have on bright red clothes. The cat leader changes; sometimes he's a man, sometimes a woman, and sometimes a cat. (168 words)
#0499 (1982-10-16)

I am sitting on a couch. Tomas is there. I am surprised. Then it's night. It's time to go to bed. I am wearing see through undies that are very sexy. I turn on a light so I can see my way on the path to the next "room" house where we all sleep. I get there late. 4 or 5 people are already in the beds. They say, "You can sleep on the floor." A man touches the carpet to show me how soft it is. He likes me. I don't like it, but I lay down. (98 words)
#0500 (1982-10-16)

I am going down main street in M City looking for a sale on film. I have a long and meticulous list from my father. He was serious and told me to write down the numbers exactly. I feel a little nervous that I might forget them or make a mistake. When I get to a store, I realize that I have to wait until he sends the film for me to get prices for developing. I leave the store and start walking back down the street. A salesman from the store follows me. Then I see two men, one looking for work, seated on a train or something. I think he's me. Across from him is the salesman. The man asks the salesman if he likes his work. The salesman is ecstatic. Oh yes, he loves it, there isn't any better job etc. The man says, "That's the positive side, now tell me what you hate about your job." The salesman slumps and appears more honest. He says, "Well, no one will believe you, or give you a loan." The man says, "Ah, that's more like it." (188 words)
#0501 (1982-10-16)

A pretty lady in an old fashioned dress, red, is walking with her sister, who has some limp in her leg. They are talking. The younger one says, "I'll push you in the pond." The one in red says angrily, "Don't you dare! You'd better not." The younger one actually does it. It's a cloudy, cold glacier of green water. She's under for awhile; all those skirts are weighing her down. Then she's up and angry. She pulls the younger one in. The she starts to help the younger one out. The younger one lets her gimpy legs go limp and doesn't help. The one in red gets angry and says, "Don't you do that! You always suicide when I'm helping you. Use your legs!" When that doesn't work, she threatens to tell papa. Then the younger one "wakes up" and says, "No, don't do that, O.K.," and they get out of the pool, as the younger one is still explaining why not to call papa. She is afraid to be seen as helpless and not trying by him. (179 words)
#0502 (1982-10-17)

I go into a bedroom. I see a man I kind of like through the window. I close the curtains. I feel sexually turned on. I thumb tack the curtains shut, very carefully, and go to the bed and experience a quick orgasm. Then I am some "wonder" creature and I am patrolling the outside of the school building. A terrible mean creature threatens me. He's after me. He grows tall in his attempt to catch me as I fly up very rapidly to keep out of his dangerous reach. I go very high very fast. All I can see is the tip of his huge finger as he rushes up to get me. My only hope is to out last him. We hit rarified air; we're nearly out of atmosphere. He finally weakens and crumbles out of sight. I am relieved because I was at the end of my endurance. I fly/fall back down keeping a wary eye open in case. Then I'm being wheeled to the stadium where I'll entertain the troops. I pass a barrack. There is a sign in the window. It says "Star." I hear the guys talking about how if the light is on, they can come talk to the star, if not, then she doesn't want company. They really hope the light will be on. I feel smug because unbeknownst to them, I am the star, and the light will be on! (239 words)
#0503 (1982-10-19)

I am flirting with Tomas and Preston, kissing. I have decided they are O.K. Then the door opens and Hector comes in. We kiss passionately and lovingly. I have missed him so and I'm so glad to see him. He wants to buy me presents. I see a huge glass bowl, delicate, expensive, and beautiful. I hesitate. He says, "Get it; it's yours. It's O.K." I take it and admire it. Then I get some other things too. (78 words)
#0504 (1982-10-26)

I have a room full of people, a class or something. One of my students is a good-looking young man but he's a quad and he hates it. He has a bad attitude. He' withdrawn and hostile. Some girls come in, selling used books for $2.00. I buy one for him with his money. Then I buy one for me because it's such a bargain. I get too much change and quietly keep it. I have some guilt. It's Mexican pesos. I tell him that she liked him. She had smiled at him. He gets very angry! "Don't tell me that!" I grab his shoulders and shake him and pull him up so he has to look at me and say, "It's your attitude that's paralyzed, the disability is not the problem." (132 words)
#0505 (1982-10-22)

It is Friday at 20 of 6. I am packing my briefcase to go home after a long week. I'm standing up. I see Dana coming towards my office. I feel tired and annoyed. I think, "Where's Andrea?," and I realize she's gone home and can't be reached by phone. I see I'm the only one around to help. I sigh. He comes in, sits down and sighs. He tells me how depressed and lonely he is and how he's thinking of suicide again. I resent his clinging to me emotionally. I guess he feels that he gets to talk out of the office. He says that he'll go now and maybe find someone else or maybe kill himself. I really get annoyed now because he's playing a manipulative game. I firmly yell down the hall, "Get back here! I'll work with you for 25 minutes. Quit playing these games! If you continue playing them, I'll wash my hands of you and you can do what you will with your life." He comes back angry at me. He wants sex. I say, "No, I don't want to." He says I'm mean, that I have no feelings and that I don't care for him. I say, "I care for you as a human being. I'll hug you, but that's all." He grabs me hard like he'll never let go. I hug him, truly feeling care for him. Then I release him and send him on his way. I' feeling food! I'd done what I could and left room and energy for me. I said no to a "stray kitten!" [BL] (268 words)
#0506 (1982-10-31)

I am in a horseback riding class, for beginners. I am learning to gallop. At first, I bounce around poorly, but I quickly gain expertise and leg strength. I enjoy galloping and I try to race with others that have more experience. I run around and around the race track and win. Then I am aware that in order to win, I had to make my horse work very hard. I take my horse back to the barn. I get food and drink and a brush to rub the horse with. The horse is very grateful and I enjoy making it more comfortable. After all, we're a team. I can't win races without her. (114 words)
#0507 (1982-11-01)

A man wants to make love to me. I don't want him. He follows me around with a hard-on. My mother tells me to change my clothes. I say, "Not here! I'll do it in the bathroom." She says, "No, here will be fine." I say, "He's in the room." She says, "That's O.K." I get my undies, all lacy, and my black nylons and garters. I go to the closet to dress. He is constantly near, wanting me. I tell him I won't marry him. Some people are surprised. I go to school. The class is lined up for a marathon running race. He is supposed to go with the other half of the class, but he's in my line. He makes a false start. We all groan and wait for him to get back. Then the race starts. I out run him and then I am tired with the male winner. The crowd is pleased and surprised. The announcer says, "It's 100 yards to go and it's tied!" I put out all I have and I win by a nose (or rather a knee). The Queen is impressed. I even have my own stamps for the letters I'll send to tell people I won. Everyone is impressed. (209 words)
#0509 (1982-11-13)

I had my yarn shop again. I was disappointed. I moved it from my living room to a shop. It was in disorder. A woman came to the shop looking for a bulky yarn. I didn't have the right size. It was pink, dusty pink. I wanted to make the sale because I didn't want my shop to fail again. I suggested that she buy a double amount and double the yarn but in the same breath said, "No, because it would be too costly for you." (87 words)
#0510 (1982-11-14)

I am in Mexico. Dovre and I are in a sort of shower stall. She's hanging onto a bar or rail, like a metal chin bar. She says she can't move it. I get up there and help her bend it. It's like a competition of strength. It's friendly. I am still stronger (and wiser). We laugh. I get down and step outside. I simultaneously realize that I am naked and that there are three mean men out there that see me. I go inside quickly. They come to the door. I get it locked but it's so flimsy. I send Dovre to get help. I am afraid. Holes keep appearing in the door. Their fingers can curl over the top of the door. They have razors. I hold a razor blade in a handle. I timidly try to defend myself by cutting them. Every time I hurt them and draw blood, I stop, because I am afraid that if I hurt them, they'll hurt me more and I don't like to hurt them. A man's penis sneaks in and gets into my vagina. I am frozen with disgust. I start to cut it off with the razor and draw blood, and then stop because of the aforementioned reason. They are horrible men full of anger and don't care about me at all. The police siren is heard and the men run away. There is just outside the door, a sort of hot tub pool of "clean water" and near it, to the right, the sea water (in Spanish, the mar), that comes in and out and splashes over into the clear water. I don't want them to be mixed (I decided the answer is that I am afraid some one would rape me if I get into a relationship). (300 words)
#0515 (1982-11-16)

I'm at a party. Doug is there. He asks me my opinion on a speech. I had him his written opinion and say, "I agree with you." I notice there are two parties. I become interested in a member of the other party. That's not kosher. Then it's a war. I swim a long way to an island looking for my soldier friend. We meet. I am a general. Their general follows us with the intent of blowing us up. My soldier turns out to have joined us. He finds bullet packs left by their general. He puts them in deep water. We are followed by their soldier. He (mine) says to me, "Wait here. You are safe." I do so, even though I'm visible and in the path, but he is right. The guy doesn't see me. My friend kills him. (142 words)
#0517 (1982-12-02)

I am in my wheelchair, looking for a place to park near the theatre so I won't have to walk far. It's very crowded and I end up far away. I see an attendant, sort of a mechanic and chew him out because there is no disabled parking. He has an arrogant look on his face. He says, "Are you one of those hippie type trouble makers?" I look at him with some contempt and say, "I am a counselor here at XXX." He is very impressed. He offers to escort me there. As we walk together, arm in arm, he smiles and asks me out. I think, "He's only a mechanic, but it might be fun to go out for awhile." Then I find out that the person that is scheduled to play the Queen in the play can't, and I am to do it. I have an hour before curtain. Marti S tells me to make frowny faces to the sounds people make. We're all sitting at a table. I do so. One woman thinks I'm pretty strange. I'm nervous. I don't even know the story line much less the words! Marti S says, "No problem, you'll do fine," and then goes away. I wait for her but she doesn't return. Howard is the director of the play. I tell him I'm not ready. He says, "Sure you are." He has confidence in me and doesn't do anything to help me. I get a 12 hour extension. I then realize that I have the Queen characterization down very well, I just need to memorize the words. I feel that I can succeed. I wear a black ornate lacy dress and a wig. I am very regal. [BL] (288 words)
#0518 (1982-12-05)

I am wearing a copper suit of armor. It has fat bulges and fat legs. I say, "Hum... no wonder it doesn't fit, it's my father's suit." I then see another suit. It's slimmer and it's mine. I exchange them and wear mine. The helmet face piece keeps going up and down, occasionally. Then my co-worker in a store comes to me and says, "We had to use your other name for a sale 'B. B.'" I didn't like it, but it was already done, and besides it was only temporary and wouldn't hurt anything. I see a dress, turquoise, slinky and beautiful. (103 words)
#0519 (1983-01-08)

I am walking through a beautiful restaurant, white table cloths, lots of lovely, happy people, a pleasant undertone of people talking. I think, "How nice that the inn is finally working up to its full potential." I am digging worms out of the fur of cats and stuffing them into a small hole in a box. It's yucky! I turn a light on, a white round globe like my bedroom light. It stops them from escaping and gooily wriggling around on the floor. A white cat doesn't have any worms. He sits in my lap at the inn very contented. A man says, "Oh, I didn't know you loved the cat." He kisses its ear. The cat purrs. A happy scene. (121 words)
#0520 (1983-02-15)

I am watching two young boys around ten years old, one white, one black. It's been a marathon struggle for hours. They are resisting merging. Then suddenly they both smile and I feel great joy because they'd become so weary they permitted the merger. They are sitting side by side on a bench and look at each other as they speak in unison because they now know each other's thoughts and operate as one. Then a woman sits beside me on my left. She reaches out and touches my shoulder. A dark haired woman suddenly sits between us and she touches my knee. There is a slight hint of sexual overtone, but not much. A disabled man, with short legs and small feet with his arm propped up on a brace, is sitting to my right. He's discussing his sexual problems. Mabel stands before us and says, "Just like that Dr. Virginia Lee. She takes uteruses out for no reason." I send the dark haired woman away because she grabs my big toe and pinches my sore spot. I scream with the pain. I am angry at her because there is no pain until she hurts me and she hurts me because I reject her. Then I'm crying and I feel so sad. I say, "I've lost Ellie because all I do is talk about my pain." (227 words)
#0522 (1983-02-21)

It is necessary to study and learn more about femininity. I see a southern talking blonde, helpless type, and she changes into a well-dressed woman with a dark suit, a black picture hat and a red rose. She's beautiful, self-assured, and strong. Bette Davis is the director. She's pleased I've noticed I don't have to be traditional, soft and helpless to be feminine. [BL] (63 words)
#0523 (1983-03-14)

I am like riding with Joe, co-worker Tyler, and co-worker Jerome. They keep suggesting we stop and rest because they're afraid I'll hurt myself, go too far and stiffen up, but I know I'm healthy and capable. I'm just a little weak in the legs because I haven't built the muscles back up yet. Then we're sitting at a table and Jerome tells us how he insists to his family he must have free weekends or he will never be able to handle the confines and responsibilities and pressures of a family. He nearly cries and walks dramatically out of the room. All the women counselors go after him to give him support and sympathy and then the male counselors do too. I snicker. I know his game and refuse to go out there and support him. I note what suckers women have been led to be. Then I go out because everyone is outside. The party has changed locations. I walk up to the hugging circle, avoid Hank, and stand next to Andrea, but I don't hug her. I feel good that I didn't just automatically do it whether I liked it or not. I'm then walking Ellie and Paulina across the street, to the park. We're all barefoot and stepping very carefully over sharp rocks. I had stepped on one and now protect the girls too because it was so painful. Ellie lays down and I am dragging her. I ask her to get up and pull her own weight. Someone mentions ice cream and cake. I ask them not to eat it. They'll get fat; it's no good for them. (273 words)
#0524 (1983-04-02)

I am dancing. I have a very wealthy guardian and this is like a debutante ball. I'm wearing a blue velvet evening gown. The gown and I are very beautiful. I dance first with one good-looking man, then with the next and then with the next. There are 3 that are the best that I am interested in. One is blond. Then two men escort me to a sort of "throne" chair. They simultaneously pour liquids into my champagne glass, the mixture needed to be swirled to make champagne. Outside there is a battle of airplanes and ships. Then the news is that my "father" must be captured or killed to prevent more war. [BL] (114 words)
#0526 (1983-06-08)

I look in a mirror. My eyes are pink and puffy and the pupils are missing. I wander around the house looking for Bonnie so she can take me to the doctor. I find her. She's crying because one of her cousins has died. I turn a corner and see a room full of hospital beds. An overweight middle-aged man is sitting up in each bed, with hospital p.j.s and robe on. One man says, "You're a week late to teach your well-being health class." I am embarrassed because I had forgotten! I think quickly, then start to lecture. The man has a red face like he is blushing. (109 words)
#0529 (1983-08-03)

I'm sitting in a small square box or animal cage. I am handed a big sleek black cat. I must be careful because it has a poison tongue. If I move around too much, it will zap me. I feel some nervousness and trust at the same time. It zaps something and I feel the sting because it came so close to me. (63 words)
#0530 (1983-09-06)

Bonnie is holding and cuddling her baby (a chinese boy). At the same time, I am feeding baby food to what looks like his twin. I say to him that he is lucky. He will feel very loved because his mom even holds him when he is diapered and fed (using his duplicate...I thought in background, "Maybe not so good. He will expect it always and won't be prepared if as an adult, he doesn't get it all the time"). (80 words)
#0531 (1983-09-06)

I am at work, but it's the old "grade school room." I comb my hair (red and short). Then, I turn to leave the restroom. "Brenda," Valerie's baby, tries to crawl in. I stop her and pause to chat in the hall with her. She looks adult but sits and talks like a baby. She tells me her grandma is watching her today. I go to play bridge with Jock, Valerie, and others. I get a good hand. "4 clubs," I bid. Valerie responds, "6 hearts." I'm in convention for a grand slam. I recount my cards. They've changed. I find a weak suit in hearts. I decide to stay at 6 hearts, a conservative move. There are too many high cards out. (123 words)
#0533 (1983-10-18)

I am put into the starvation ward. We all lie together in a tangled heap. The one next to me has a horrible cold voice. He asks to kiss me. I turn my face to avoid it but still try to talk to him politely. Then suddenly, he is on top of me and has stuck his fangs into my jugular vein (the left side of my neck), and is sucking my blood. I feel paralyzed and sick. (78 words)
#0534 (1983-10-18)

Young boys are taking turns having sex with me. I'm lying on my tummy and I look over my shoulder. Two of them are talking. One says, "I have a rubber, but I'm so small yet that it keeps falling off." The other one is shocked that he'd say that. That's not macho! I have an orgasm. (57 words)
#0535 (1983-10-18)

I'm a government spy on a mission. The police come to my house. I pretend to be an ordinary citizen. A child is snuck out of the house by my "husband" while I keep the police occupied in the front yard. He is suspicious. It's time to make a run for it. I run to the helicopter waiting in the backyard. My "husband" tells me that Ellie has run away. I am torn in conflict. I must do my duty and I want to find Ellie. I decide that we must escape. I see a friend of Ellie's and ask her if she's seen Ellie. She won't talk to me. We fly away. The helicopter now is a square pizza racing over artificial turf. Now I'm in a room and a man in a 24 karat cold overcoat has two golden derringer pistols. He's holding them to the head of my husband. I watch for my chance and jump him. I now hold the guns and my husband is safe, but the man is coming toward me. He's saying, "You won't shoot me." I hesitate and then shoot him 5 or 6 times with golden bullets. Some blood spurts down his front. He won't die. It hardly slows him up. I feel fairly neutral. Then the mail man comes with a package and I say, "Oh! It's Ellie's picture. She ran away and I can't wait to see her picture." The man gets all happy and says, "Oh, I'm delighted. Let's see it." We look at the picture. It's satin and Ellie is wearing a blue evening dress with a white sash. It's a little too big for her. (279 words)
#0536 (1984-02-24)

I have a motorcycle. A man asks to ride it. I tell him to be careful. He agrees. We are outside on the lawn of the M City house. He has a wreck and the back wheel is smashed. Then I notice that my cat is hurt. He looks dead. His back legs are smashed. I am worried and sad. Then he revives and crawls to me. I hold him and pet him. He revives some more. I go inside the house. It's been not lived in for awhile; it's in disarray. I ask the guy that lives there if I got any mail or packages. He says, "No." I want to show my oil painting to this nice man. I tell him it's a break through, a new art form, an oil painting that moves like T.V. As we look at it, several people change by moving, like (you have pictures drawn here) cartoon figures and flipping pages. The man says, "I like the old lady one." I look. I see the young one stiff and diving into the water. He says, "She's changing into a lob." Then I see a huge lake. I am looking toward the lovely shore line, trees, rugged, like Alaska. I see her laying unconscious in the bottom of the row boat, dying of lack of water, thirst in a lake of water! The man finds a tube with water in it and brings it to her because he wants the row boat. (249 words)
#0538 (1984-03-14)

(This dream was the night before the previous one). Ginny and I are standing by a river. She says Dwight, my brother, is across the river. He still loves me and wishes we could get married. I feel a twinge of regret and also guilt because of the incestuous aspects. Now, I'm leaning out an open window, looking down at the river. Dwight comes up behind me and leans over me. There is a feeling of sexuality and forbiddance. I don't respond to him but I'm very aware of him. I feel poignant and sad. Elliot comes by. He wants to take me out to dinner to make up for all he didn't give me in the relationship. I drift away, leaving Dwight and now I'm at a table with a plate full of food. There are beans and trailmix, and it's not too appetizing or expensive, but it's nutritious. Elliot's gone. Three guys come in. It's cousin Terence and two of his noisy friends. Terence's face is very dark, almost black (as in shadowed or dirty). I am annoyed at them. I say to Terence, but not loud enough to be heard over his friends' talk and laughter, "I don't appreciate this at all." I vaguely remember that he is dead. (212 words)
#0539 (1984-07-07)

Several good dreams about Mitch. In one he hugs me. It was sensual, and felt wonderful. I responded. I put my arms around him. I felt his soft skin. He wasn't wearing a shirt. It felt very good. In another dream, Mitch complained that he was so depressed because there were lots of things he couldn't do because of his disability, and he kept losing more as time went by. I said with gentleness, "Even able-bodied people can't do lots of things." He gave me a weary look like, "Please don't say that. It's so dumb, an able-bodied response." I gestured at him to wait and I said, "I know the able-bodies can maybe do more than you, but please listen to me, somehow it just doesn't matter. Don't get hung up in depression. That's what stops her." (138 words)
#0540 (1984-07-10)

A man, like Orville, comes into the kitchen. He's hungry and his wife isn't around. I'm sort of a maid. He shows me a frying pan he's going to cook something in. It's messy. I feel slightly guilty. I start scrubbing it. He is relieved. He won't have to do his own dinner. He says, "Could you start by sauteing some mushrooms?" I nod yes. As I am scrubbing, I think of his wife and my mother and how they had to put aside their entire life to take care of their men. I think, "No wonder they are so angry!" (101 words)
#0541 (1984-07-13)

I am hitch hiking on a big freeway with fences. I see a lion that would come eat me if those fences weren't there. I think to myself, "How can you hitchhike? You can hardly walk!" I agree and think that soon I'll get a ride and then it will be O.K.! A turquoise and white car with a boat on top stops. As I approach the car, I wonder if the people are safe or if they will hurt me. I realize they are safe. It's an older couple, a man, single, my age, and 2 young girls. It's a family in fact. As I get in, it becomes a trailer house. The driver, the older man, puts my luggage (a thermos bottle, yellow plastic), on the top. It lies loosely. I ask if it will be safe as some of the racks are open. He says, "Sure, no problems!" I get in. They make me feel comfortable. They offer me a drink. They ask how far I'm going. I say, "Louisville, Kentucky." They are amazed. So are they. "Ah! You must be a paleontologist," (to the driver). He agrees. I say, "So is my father. I'm meeting him there!" We talk. I mention my father has a master's. They mention proudly, "He has a doctorate!" I ask if they have a bathroom. They say, "Yes, but it isn't fixed up to use." They ask if I need to go. I say, "Yes, but I'll wait!" (247 words)
#0542 (1984-08-14)

I'm at an audition. They have already chosen the 3 guys. There is only one woman part in the play. I am putting on my costume. The woman director tells me and my rival to wear jeans, a half-t-shirt and a vest. My jeans are ripped at the hip seam. I'm quite surprised and comment on it to the guy that will be the romantic interest in the play. My outfit is somewhat revealing. I am pleased that I'm still slim enough to look good. The woman director leads a singing and dancing warm-up. I sing harmony and counter rhythm, like a lead gospel singer comin' in with phrases between lines. It's jazzy. It sounds really good. I know I am impressing the director. I know I'll get the part and I feel very satisfied and warm. (137 words)
#0544 (1984-08-14)

I am seated on the floor in a group of other girls. The guys are going to come over and choose partners. One I think is good-looking walks toward me and then chooses the one next to me. I am alone. I feel sad and perplexed. Why not me? Later I'm walking to class and an ugly guy, sort of like Donald Duck, proposes to me. I turn him down, defending my attitude by pointing out that it isn't his looks that I am refusing, but that we don't get along. (91 words)
#0546 (1984-08-15)

I'm preparing to leave my "husband." I feel afraid that he'll catch me. There are some papers to sign to better my position to be independent. I am afraid to and also driven to do it, a last chance sort of feeling. I grab the papers and sign my name on them and hide them in a pile of letters. Then I rush to mail them thinking, "Even he couldn't get them from the U.S. mail!" (76 words)
#0547 (1984-09-14)

Ellie and I are walking down a hall, turn the corner and surprise my parents in lovemaking. I am embarrassed. We tip toe away. Later, I see my mother somewhere else and realize that my father was making love to someone else! Later, I'm driving a cart-like thing around the house. I turn right at the living room. Even though it's a house, there are streets and alleys. The snows have melted and the whole house is wet and drippy. I think, "Hey, now that the snows are melted, I can do a big cleaning and put up pretty curtains." As I drive the cart, my father reminds me that to go down Royal Ave. is better. I turn the cart around and say, "You're right." We drive on. (129 words)
#0548 (1984-09-15)

There is a woman faith healer. A crowd is gathered around her. I go up close and lie down on the cool sand right in front of her to listen. I make a pillow with the sand. She is a forceful preacher. Suddenly, she reaches out and places her hands on my face to heal me. She is powerful. I feel her intensity. I see religious scenes of Jesus and I know that it is working. I weep for joy and say over and over, "Oh yes! Please heal me! Please work!" I cry and cry. Later, I get up and walk away from the crowd, testing my joints for pain. It's gone. I also need to pull away from the preacher. I don't want to be mesmerized and be a follower. I do it with respect. (Before I left the crowd, I felt them all around me. I tried to stretch out my legs but I couldn't. I looked and could only see a "sea" of starched sheets. That's what they wore). (173 words)
#0549 (1984-09-15)

I'm on stage. I am a student, arguing with the teacher. The Board of Directors is seated around a conference table, and they are the audience. I must hide. A man offers me a way. He has a syringe that will do something so I can hide. I let him do it. He carries me away in a little box. Now to get me back to normal, he must heat me up. We put "me" in the oven. We watch the temperature carefully. If it gets too hot, I'll be damaged. He says, "If we could push air around her, she'd be safe." I go in search of a fan. I see a man next door sitting by a window holding a fan up to his face. I ask to borrow it. He reluctantly gives me part of it but not the fan part that moves the air. Now I must improvise. I find a hose, made of potatoes and blow through it. Two oval clumps of spaghetti hungrily go for the air. "Me," in a frozen clump, moves back away from it. I don't understand and try to move the hose. The spaghetti follows it, but "I" don't. (199 words)
#0550 (1984-09-16)

The "highway" is this raging river with huge boulders in it. I get in a rubber raft and motor down to visit a friend. I get there and a young boy is annoyed at my visit. He wants to be alone. I hear an echo sound of waves and say, "Oh, you have a cave under the house." He denies it. It's his special place and he doesn't want a bunch of grown-ups messing up his place. (77 words)
#0551 (1984-09-16)

I'm going to see a movie. I see some chairs downstairs. I follow Juliet down the stairs. The stairs are clogged with coats, large art-type books, and people. I try not to step on the people. We chat as I go by. Then I look for a comfortable chair. I find one in the back. I ask Jock to carry it more forward so I can see better. He does. I find a pitcher of beer in my hand. Someone comments on it as I go by. I notice I don't have glasses. I make a joke and wonder why I have a pitcher (which the person called a vase). After all, I don't drink. Jock has 2 glasses. I say, "Leave it to you to think of the glasses." I ask his help in setting up the chair. It's just a bit too big for the small space and tips over the stair edge when I try to sit. I see wheelchair tires next to the stair edge that the feet of my chair are resting on. Jock says, "You know, I usually hold you back until you get all the facts (when he's giving me a client). I'm a little surprised and annoyed. He then is surprised at me and says, "I misunderstood you. I thought, you know, you said about alcohol and drugs and those guys you'd pick up on and I thought you didn't like people like that and wouldn't be good at helping them, so I didn't send any of them to you." I am surprised. [BL] (261 words)
#0552 (1984-09-17)

A young woman is going away to get married. I'm going to sing at her wedding or graduation. I am wearing a wedding dress, lots of lace, and I'm well-shaped. I look fat, but I'm not. A nun comes up to me. We are introduced. She doesn't approve of me. I am making jokes about marriage, like a clown or a comic. I show the girl my silly undertrunks and laugh. She's very serious and doesn't laugh. It's time for the show. A small audience, 10 of us in lines, are on the stage. I'm second to left in front. The girl is to my left. I sing a story about a bride who broke part of her husband's tea set. She had to pay for it out of her own money. "And," I told the audience, "it has to be out of the principal, not the interest. I am serious," I say to a scoffing audience person. They don't like my message. A woman friend's daughter starts crying and has to leave the stage. Perhaps the message is too modern for her. It's like we're doing an opera with humor. (191 words)
#0553 (1984-09-17)

I am a man, being kept by a wealthy man. I wear lovely clothes. I ask him, "How long can I count on your generosity?" The old, fat man wears high heels and a robe. Now I'm wearing a beautiful wedding gown. I'm female. The announcers tell how women love to swoop up and down a staged aisle in this type of dress. I swoop. It's like a roller coaster. When I'm on stage, another woman, a rival jeers at me. She threatens to tell the man stories about me. Hints that he won't stay interested in me? I must get to him first. We both begin to run. There is a massive crowd. I work my way to the left edge where I can move faster as there are fewer people. I see video tape boxes with titles on them. I grab 2 that say "Barb." I get to the street. I must cross the street but the noon hour traffic is starting. I see my chance and I go for it. I run and keep looking to my left where the cars are coming. They are getting closer and closer. I am worried because they won't stop for pedestrians. If I miscalculate, they'll just run over me. (209 words)
#0556 (1984-09-20)

I decide to hike to visit Dora. I walk miles through a town by the coast. I nearly walk through someone's front yard. I ask where the road went. A sailboat store has changed ownership and is a bakery with lots of gooey donuts. I walk through the store. I notice the rooms. It used to be a house, very important to me. I feel nostalgic and look at the curtains and sigh. I think someone I loved used to live here. As I continue walking, the sky darkens. I get concerned because I don't feel safe hiking at night. I look at my watch. It is 4:35 p.m. I see a gas station with a telephone sign. I go there and ask if I can call Dora. Maybe they'll come to get me. I tell her that I've left E City and I'm now at XXX Beach. He calls but she's not home. I continue walking. It's not too much further. I must have started late today. I stop at a second phone. She's still not home. Then I realize she's probably on her way to the lst gas station. I am a little annoyed at myself. "Why didn't I stay there?" I start walking back. The sky lightens up and the time goes backwards as I retrace my steps. (221 words)
#0558 (1984-09-23)

I put daffodils in a crock in a tile, took a hammer and pounded them in like a nail. It mussed up their pretty faces. I was sitting next to an old man. In a large car, my father was driving, I found room far in the back. There was a baby somewhere. This old man was with an old woman, they were like grandparents. He was somewhat famous and knowledgeable but his speech was slow from age. Yet, I recognized him from my high school. I asked him if he ever had lived in M City. He smiled. He looked younger now. He said, "No," but I thought he was teasing me. I turned to him and said something. He kissed me. I turned my head and said, "Really!," pretending to be shocked. I was attracted to him. (139 words)
#0559 (1984-09-24)

A man grabs me and tries to rape me. I get away. It's time to sleep. I think I'll curl up in a box and then I'll know I'll be protected, but it's too small and cramped; I go outside and position people around me so I'll be protected. Dovre is next to me, Juliet, Dylan, and Jock are around me. I try to sleep. (65 words)
#0563 (1984-09-30)

Co-worker Tyler and I are cuddly. He starts kissing me. I feel hesitant. I remind him about his wife. He says, "It's O.K. No problem." I enjoy kissing him. Then Jim C. joins us, on my right side. I am surprised. He wants to kiss too. I feel hesitant again, because of Tyler. Then I just sense that it's O.K. I remember feeling how Jim C's beard tickles. After awhile, we decide to go so somewhere. We have to hop on a boat to get there. I leap, chair and all, over the water to the boat. I turn and look. They have hesitated and will have to wait for the next boat. I'm a little annoyed at them. (119 words)
#0564 (1984-10-07)

I am preparing to give a speech. I've got lots of notes and I'm putting them in order. I see maybe 20 or 30 file folders full of paper. Some get out of order. I go into the lecture hall. The exhibit is all set up. I start the speech with a bit on vocabulary and what words mean. The next section is a small aside about my father's interesting research. It's not really related to the main part of my speech. My father is standing to my right. He is impressed with all my work. I tell the audience to be ready to concentrate for 2 hours. Then everyone gets noisy. I can't be heard over the roaring background noise. I ask, "Who is interested in hearing the speech?" A few people raise their hands. I am annoyed. (139 words)
#0565 (1984-10-07)

My parents and I are returning. We have a school bus, my van, and a boat on a trailer. We arrange that my parents will relief drive for me. I'm tired. However, first we have to stop off at the hospital for my mother to have surgery. I finally realize I'll have to drive all the way. She can't have surgery and then drive away. We go to find her room. We are lost. Then I see some guy wearing a funny mask like a round plastic head with a smiling clown face. I think it's funny to ask him where the room is. (104 words)
#0566 (1984-10-09)

I hide in a cave. It's important to not eat the food. It may be poisoned. I move furniture. I put a wood framed mirror with maroon fringe next to the foot of a bed, then it is moved. I look for it. I go to the basement. Everything in there is mine. It is cavernous. 2 box boys work there and laugh at me. I meet someone I had written a book about. He laughs and says, "I'm not offended. In fact, I shall publish your book. It will help my cause!" I feel badly because it wasn't suppose to help them. (103 words)
#0567 (1984-10-10)

We were in the arctic. We traveled by hanging on to a rope that trailed from a helicopter. We were new. We were told to go out to the snow fields and pick up yellow cards. We figured, "That's easy. We'll be close to the base so we won't take our jackets." After we got out there, walking, my partner fell and started to become frozen to the ground. I ran for my 3rd partner and said, "Call for help." We waved our found yellow cards at camp. A signal person saw us and said, "I think they're in trouble." Another person said, "Nah! If they were in trouble, they'd light a signal fire." I thought, "We would but we stupidly left our jackets and gear behind." I really hoped they'd figure out we needed them. The signal person fired a flare and they sent out a helicopter. They went to go pick up our frozen friend who is a yellow card now. The rescuer warmed up the edges with his fingers saying, "O.K., we missed the eyes, the ears are O.K." Then my partner and I helped him on the rope as we flew back to camp. A grandmother came out as we landed. Someone said, "What's it like out there today?" She said, "There's fire on the desert and daises, like that's dangerous." I said, "Ya, we saw the fire, burning in the snow, no fuel." We all went in. Now our frozen friend was a cat. A black cat ran over and licked him lovingly to help unfreeze him. We watched and commented on the caring. (269 words)
#0568 (1984-10-11)

I am jogging. I feel I must attempt to go complete around the block. I know it will be tiring, but necessary. As I am jogging, I see a group of people, mostly men, all in a bunch, talking. They have plates that are valuable and are sales men or business men. I have a stack of 6-8 china plates myself, but I'm just carrying them, I'm not trying to sell them. They are looking for the rich old man to do business with...I'm just trying to get around them to continue jogging. As I go by, I see a house/shop with lots of glass/china pretties. I go in. I ask to see the old man. His son says, "I can help you, but most people won't let me, they just want my father." He takes me to see his father. It is a huge house. We go down extremely steep ladder/stairs. I have heels on. Then we are in the basement which is huge, messy and with lots of windows looking out over the fields. I see a crow or raven. He's large. Then I see a whole flock of them, right by the window. I say, "Hello! Hello," at them over and over (like my father tried to teach our crow to talk). The son likes me. He has wire framed round glasses perched on his nose. Suddenly, a lightning, electrical green light saps all around me and I am in a special room where this electrical phenomenon gives me or enhances my special powers. I look at a field of grain. As I look, my powers speed everything up and field is being cut or harvested quickly. Sheep, goats and cows are spared so they can continue to graze and produce. (294 words)
#0570 (1984-10-14)

I have a very small house. Bonnie comes by. She is very fat. She is wearing a hand crocheted dress and a white slip. She asks me to help unravel her dress. She has crocheted it incorrectly and she needs me to redo it. As I undo it, my father looks shocked and turns his face away, quite upset. He asks that she cover herself. She asks me if she can borrow something to wear. I go into my spacious walk-in closet and look. I see old, tattered evening gowns (sort of 1950's style). I think, "I sure don't wear them much anymore." I see blouses and then bathing suits and unders. Nothing in there will fit. I then go to my dresser and pull out a big black turtleneck sweater. She says, "That will fit," and puts it on. (140 words)
#0571 (1984-10-15)

As a faculty member, I get to be a student in a journalism class. I'm given a list of people to interview, Rochelle, Patsy Cline and some others. I am very professional and I know lots of good questions, like how many column inches the story will run. The teacher says, "I wish all my students were as good as you." (61 words)
#0572 (1984-10-15)

I go to a concert to see Frank Sinatra. I am surprised to see that he's a very small man. He's 2-3 feet tall and sometimes l/2 foot tall. Some large woman steps on him and says, "I brought you into the world and I can take you out." I'm seated in a front row seat with park and recreation types all around me. He comes over and sits near me. I see he has 3 eyes, pretty brown eyes, then 4 eyes, 0000. He sings a beautiful ballad. I feel attracted. He's giving me eye contact. I drop eye contact and think to myself, "Now you've done it. He won't think you like him and he'll go away." Then the "governor" comes in. He's gorgeous, tall, sexy, and good-looking. Everyone around me rushes to be close to him. I don't. I'm alone on my bench. I look up at the ceiling and tisk tisk. "Frank" watches me. The governor makes a joke. He says that the next time Frank complains about paying taxes, he should remember that the governor contributed to his income by paying to get in. Then the governor gets on his knees and hits piano keys with his chin. Everyone laughs. I am aware that I'm sitting because I'm disabled. (214 words)
#0573 (1984-10-16)

I am in a pretty little house. Water rushes in the alley behind it like a river going downhill, emptying out into the streets. Then it reverses directions and rushes to the other street. I say to Ellie, "This sure is a cute little house." I go out and look at it from the outside. Now Ellie is driving and I'm sitting in the back looking through the back window at my house. I see Nate and Rochelle sitting on the front porch. Nate has sunglasses on. He sees me and smiles. I try not to respond. I feel a warm sense of happiness at seeing him and I'm thinking, "I don't want to see you." We go around the block. I'm teaching her how to drive. Now it's crowded. I say, "Slow down, be careful." She says she can't stop because of the water. I look but I don't see any water. I get out and go to a store. I find some of my belongings out in front. I pick them up and also see a beautiful pair of earrings. I think of taking them too. A woman comes by and says, "Are you taking my earrings?" I say, "Certainly not. It's just that my finger got stuck while I was looking at them!" I find another pair, they look Indian, no clips. I ask the store owner if they can be fixed. She says, "No." (238 words)
#0574 (1984-10-17)

A mentally retarded boy was the next act in a show. It had been smooth until he came on. He faltered on the first note and then couldn't get his bearings. I tried to help him out. If he could just calm down and remember the starting point, he'd be O.K. I was seated in a balcony seat that was very close to him. Then I started coughing and he was on his own. It was no good. The show ended ragged and unfinished when it had started so well. [BL] (90 words)
#0576 (1984-10-21)

My father has come to town to congratulate me. I'm going to take him to a special place for dinner. I take him to a gay restaurant because we can get good food cheaply, seeing as how they cater to such a small audience. We are naked except for shorts and unders. I get confused if it's Howard or my father but it is my father. He wants to make love to me. I can feel it and yet he is held back by feelings of how wrong it would be. He wants to see my breasts. I think, "Why? I'm 41 years old and they droop, probably as much as my mother's droop, even though I'm 20 years younger." I feel him leaning on me to get more skin contact. I lay still with my back to him, and I feel sexually excited and disgusted at the same time. I'm his daughter. This isn't right. I imagine or sense his erect penis. I think, "If he tries to put it in me, then I'll know he's trying to be sexual." He does everything but put it in. I wonder why we are in bed together but I don't move to get out. I said no real clearly without guilt. (210 words)
#0578 (1984-10-21)

I am doing a video for the C. dept. Co-worker Josh wants to watch. I feel relieved that I am finally doing something legitimate when he watches. We are taking pictures of president Reagan as he swims in the ocean. He makes a real fool of himself, splashing and diving, because it's too shallow. I think, "Oh, he's going down for the 3rd time." As I walk back out of the water, I step on an eye under the sand. I think, "Yuck! Sharks!" [BL] (84 words)
#0579 (1984-10-22)

Paulina and I are in some Arabic country. We want to cross the river but there is no bridge and the current is swift. We ask a woman how much a taxi would cost. She says, "$9.50." We snort, "Ha!," and say, "No way!" We walk away. She calls after us, "$6.00." It's still too high. Then Paulina lies down, crying out in pain. The woman comes to her. Paulina twists around so only I can see her face and she winks. She's putting it on. I lecture her. "Don't do that! It is wrong to get something by lying." (100 words)
#0580 (1984-10-22)

A man, a friend is doing laundry. Some electrical problem starts. He goes to the circuit breaker. As he touches it, he gets zapped. We pull him off. Now we need to get him to a doctor, but someone brings to our attention that he needs to have a check-up and update his insurance or they won't pay! We carry him there to get it worked out. [BL] (67 words)
#0581 (1984-10-22)

I see showers. A mentally retarded woman lives in one stall. Whenever she showers, the water stands and spreads to the next stall. The woman in the next stall gets upset and wants someone to clean that up. I take a small razor handle and start to suck up the water with that. It will take forever! The woman says, "Thank goodness someone is doing it!" Then it's time to go. As we are leaving, we see our electrocuted friend being moved into the apartment across the way. A nurse goes with him. We are sad. "Oh, if we had only known he was coming. We'd have arranged to be here, but we have to leave now." (117 words)
#0583 (1984-10-23)

Someone's getting married. I'm waiting in a restaurant/lounge. Finally the bride shows up. She's wearing a funny looking dress, white satin with a dusty rose train formed in a ring, like dragging a huge diaphragm around after me. I open my wedding presents. I keep getting booties and kid shoes. (50 words)
#0584 (1984-10-23)

I'm driving a huge diesel truck. It's automatic shift. I pull out in front of a car, not giving much room. I get past without an accident. I drive up a mountain road through a cute village. I'm tricked into going down a road that ends up being the runway for jets! [BL] (52 words)
#0585 (1984-10-25)

A man has found a diamond or gold mine. Lydia and I are black birds. We are going to follow the man and find the riches. He sees us hiding and picks us up. We become his pets. Down into the mines we go. Other men try to follow but he loses them. There are 27 turns to get to the "Y" and then 145 more turns after that. He gathers up the diamonds and stacks them up. He sneaks them past the men. One night it becomes clear he can't sneak past the men. He has to try and remember the 145 turns to get through the other way. We go. He nearly dies. We see the opening, and we drag him to it. We turn into 2 beautiful women to help him. She has black raven hair and snappy black eyes. I am a perfect blonde, with blue eyes. We feed him water from our hands. He regains consciousness and falls in love with me. (167 words)
#0587 (1984-10-26)

I'm going up the stairs in a tall 3 story house. Everywhere I look, people are in some kind of orgy, sex, drugs, etc. In a room at the top, I see a sign that says, "Don't disturb" or "Don't look." I look anyway. It's a male client, older, engaged in sex with a woman. The thoughts are, "Good, he's now able to enjoy it, older and wiser." [BL] (68 words)
#0589 (1984-10-27)

There were two baby boys. One of them had his penis on his head. The mother was a little upset. She asked, "Is this normal?" I assured her it was. That as the baby grew, the penis moved down where it was supposed to be. Later, I was aware of uneasiness because I realized that I was wrong. The kid was definitely abnormal! My baby's name was Fred. I found a babysitter, I didn't really care who, just so I could leave for a while. I drove down town, looking for music. I saw groups of people, musicians playing. I weaved between and around them. I came back home to my swimming pool. I was a school teacher. Some movie star type gave me the pool. The water was deep and warm. (132 words)
#0590 (1984-10-27)

I am in Aunt Elaine's house but it is the house of Senora W. We are her Spanish class waiting for her to arrive. I walk into the kitchen and look around. I think, "I guess Senora W isn't married." Then I remember she is. I sit on a counter by the stove. The girls are talking. One is talking about her Mexican boyfriend. She keeps looking at me nervously. Then she says, "His name is Hector." She pauses and says, "Your Hector." I am quite surprised. I say, "Mine used to be Hector. I thought he was in Mexico. He hasn't written me. I only write to Roberto!" I say, "I'd like to see him again to say hi!" She's nervous, so I say, "We're just friends now. It's O.K." She gets her appointment book out. "No, not this weekend. Oh, it won't work next weekend," etc. I think she must be awfully insecure about their relationship. She says she guesses she doesn't want to share any of their time with anyone else. I laugh, very superior. She gives me a package of permanent curlers. I say, "What am I supposed to do with these?" She shrugs. I say, "Oh, you leave them here for the thrift shop." I put all my unorganized papers into my purse and go to the living room. (224 words)
#0591 (1984-10-27)

The world is changed, but lots of people don't know it. All the roads are rivers, with soup in them. Everyone has to swim to work or wherever. They get out all wet and continue with what they are doing. New kinds of furniture is needed, plastic coated materials, etc. I swim. (52 words)
#0592 (1984-10-27)

Now it's time for our group to perform. I'm sort of not in the group anymore. I've grown beyond their capacities and I'm moving on for more. Brett's in the group. Our audience is small and seated in school desks. Everyone goes up to do the opening song. I come up a little later, on the periphery. They sing and falter, forgetting the words. I sing out "We forgot the words and it's O.K.," to a nursery rhyme tune. The audience loves it and applauds. I go sit on the sidelines while Hector and his girl work out a new skit. I need my scripts. I go back to my purse and get them. I come back up on stage. Maggie sits next to me and says, "You're really matured. You were good and now you're hot!" I say, "Thanks." (140 words)
#0593 (1984-10-29)

I am in a large store. Bonnie and I are going to have lunch. She has the food. We sit down. It becomes clear she isn't going to share her food. I ask, "Are you going to share or should I buy my own?" She says, "You need to buy your own." I go looking but I don't really find what I want. Someone comments that things are really icing up outside, like we're in Alaska or some place frozen. A man is near me. He seems to like me and me him. I still hesitate to buy anything. Some people, a family, goes out to their tent. Even when you pee, it freezes and is solid ice as it hits the ground! The man and I go back to the store to get mittens, hats, etc. The woman store owner asks what we want. The man bargains with her; we get things half price. He puts his arms around me and I lean into him. I kiss him on his cheek. I look for mittens. He brings a spray can. He sprays it around his neck and then mine. It's a white cloudy material that has sparks coming out of it. I don't want to breathe it in. It is supposed to keep us warm. We buy mittens, etc. and go out together to the tent to make it through the winter. (233 words)
#0595 (1984-10-31)

A woman, a man, and I are trying to decide what day to get together. We decide on the 14th. Then the woman wants to change it to the 3rd. I say, "It's possible, but I have other commitments and wouldn't be able to give as much time." The man is disappointed. He wanted more time with me. I get annoyed at the woman for thoughtlessly creating problems for the man. We all agree to change the date back to the 14th. Then we go out into the city; there is some danger and we must flee. We see a crowd. It is waiting to see a famous dance troupe. I ask how long we'll wait. The woman says, "An hour." I say, "They'd better be good then." She says, "They are the best in Mexico, just like you are the best in the U.S." I am modest and say, "Oh! tat!" The man is sitting on the same bench. I go over to him and kiss him. He and I cuddle. It's nice. (174 words)
#0596 (1984-11-01)

There's a war on and I'm trying to stop the soldiers from fighting, even the ones on "my" side. I capture the guys, seven of them at gun point, and order them to tie each other up, seated in chairs. They are real arrogant but do it. They tease me. I like the leader and he likes me. Then the enemy keeps firing. I try to respond non-violently. Finally, I take a gun and point it at the enemy woman and say, "Stop or I'll shoot." She decides to call my bluff. She watches me closely as she starts to walk away. I fire at her, deliberately missing by inches. She keeps moving. I yell, "Stop or I'll shoot you!" Again, she calls my bluff. I fire at her but I've run out of bullets. I reload the gun (which is white). She's gone by now. I have to decide whether to untie the men soldiers. I hesitate but then do so. Then he introduces me to a group of male giants, "International XXX Thumb group." The guy is so tall that in order for us to talk, he first gets on bended knees and he lays down on me, so we can be eye to eye. I tell him that he can take his group to the enemy castle and all peek into the windows. It will scare the enemy. They agree to do it. I then untie more of the men soldiers. The leader says to his buddy, "She thinks I'm leaving here, but what she doesn't know is, I'm not. She'll have to stay here with me." Here is North Africa. (274 words)
#0597 (1984-11-02)

Mabel and I are trying to put together a puzzle. We pick pretty beads from a basket and place them where they belong. I think Shea was there too. Later, I take some kids to the store. A couple of teens take some candy. I tell them to put it back. Then I see Paulina scooting out the door quickly. I run after her and stop her. She has candy in her mouth! I say, "How dare you! Take it back at once! I'll lose respect and love for you." I am very angry, and she goes back. She and I go to the clerk. I say, "She took this candy." The clerk shrugs and says, "Oh well, teens do that." A man walks up to me and puts a soda bottle on the counter. He says, "You pay for it and I'll reimburse you later." I am so busy with Paulina I don't really attend and agree. Then I turn to see who this is. I know him well and I laughingly agree to do so. [BL] (177 words)
#0598 (1984-11-03)

I'm in the M City house. Howard and the girls are there too. Dovre is working on a school project that requires pasting papers to a poster in an interesting design. She finally gets it done. I hang it up on the wall. I feel relief. Howard says, "At least you didn't say you were tired of it like you said about receiving roses from the fair." I am a little embarrassed because receiving roses is a special favor, but I felt it was sort of off-handedly done and wasn't special. (91 words)
#0599 (1984-11-03)

I am observing Dovre in her 1st grade class. It's music time and I am given a drum to play. So is Dovre. She has a base drum. Mine is more of a snare drum. The teacher brings me a clump of black and white beaded necklaces all clumped together. I help her try to unravel one black necklace out of it. We succeed. I now do a solo on my drum singing in front of the class. (78 words)
#0601 (1984-11-05)

I have a 3rd grade class. We have taken out records, music and books from the library and are looking at them. It's a bit chaotic but manageable. I receive a gift from my brother Jake. It's a small record player. The tag says, "Rather than give the money to him, I'd rather give this to you." I think he meant tax money to the government. We are playing rectangular records. The kid helping me doesn't get it quite right. Time's up for class. They all straighten their desks and quiet down. They have big poster books open to a page of alligators. I shush them and then tell them I'm very happy, thrilled, and excited about their good behavior. I dismiss them. (123 words)
#0602 (1984-11-05)

Looking for taxis in Mexico, maybe. I find a building with taxis in it. I can't decide which one to take. Each has a sign that tells where they go. Paulina, Ellie and I continue walking. I see they both have some candy they took. I tell them to take it back. "That is stealing!," I say. [BL] (57 words)
#0603 (1984-11-08)

I am visiting someone, I think Thea. I'm on the porch. The neighbors are around. A woman is talking. She says she's the land lady of a place up the street. There is a young couple that can't afford the rent. She's willing to cut the rent in half if others are willing to help raise the rest of the money. They ask me to donate. I hem and hah and finally agree to chip in 1 dollar. My daughter Dovre agrees to add some change. Then the girls go out to collect more money. We take it and some food to a gathering. I am thinking, "Maybe I'll keep my dollar since it was my girls that raised the money," but I feel shamed and cheap and leave it in. At the gathering, there are lots of people. A principal of the school asks me to compare my daughter's school with my own. I say, "There's not much to compare. There was the 1950's and now there's the 1980's but they are blended together. They are the same in many ways!" It's time to leave, I can't find my shoes, or the bowl the fruit came in. Then we find both. Out in the street, a strange looking midget walks by. As I go into a house, I hear Dovre calling for her dad piteously like he's drunk and lost in the neighborhood. [BL] (234 words)
#0604 (1984-11-10)

I am with a good-looking man. He and I have had some difficulty in the sexual part of our relationship. I feel a freeing feeling, exhilaration because now I want to make it work. I look forward to being sexual with him. Then we are in bed, but he's Uncle Wilbur. I'm feeling very disappointed. At first I feel, "Oh well, maybe it will work out," and then I feel the old, "Oh well, I'll just fake it again" feeling. (80 words)
#0606 (1984-11-11)

I'm in some group session, a facilitator. A woman rushes over to Eric and jumps on him. She wants to be affectionate and possibly sexual with him. Because he's blind, it startles him a great deal. He's scared. He throws himself face forward on the ground to protect himself. She is upset and angry because all she's got to contact is his back. She goes away. Eric sits up. There are tears in his eyes. He needs my support. He reaches over and envelopes me in a hug. The woman is crying too. She feels rejected. She's trying to pull Eric off me so she can be hugged by me. I tell her to wait. I say, "I know you feel badly and I want to help, but you have to understand. Eric's blind. You scared him. He needs me more." [BL] (141 words)
#0608 (1984-11-12)

I am helping at a cafeteria style restaurant. I dish up the potatoes, mashed, the peas and the gravy. Some of the customers are impatient. They want the spare ribs and aren't interested in the side dishes. I tell them they have to get the side dishes first. After awhile, I run out of potatoes. It's time to clean up and leave. My man and I finish up and start to walk over to our quarters. We have our arms wrapped around each other tightly. It is affectionate togetherness. We walk in unison. Someone is thinking, "Aha! Love among co-workers. I didn't know they were a pair!" We go in to sit at a long table. My chair is broken. It has no seat and it's crowded up next to co-worker Jerome. I remove it to get another chair. Now it's bedtime. I go to my room. Now that I have a man, it is changed. A blue bedspread. The clothes are all picked up. The pink stand is on my side. I get into bed. He's already there. We cuddle. (181 words)
#0609 (1984-11-12)

I'm a Queen, maybe Elizabeth. I am visiting a country, probably Iceland. It's nearing the spring there. I must walk across the ice floor. It's dangerous. If I step on the wrong part, I'll slip in. Guards come with me to hold on to me and point the way. They place cardboards and pillows when I should step. I tell them, "My balance isn't good because of my ankles." Off we go. I nearly fall in several times. We get to the side where I sit in a chair at a table. It is sitting on the ice! (98 words)
#0610 (1984-11-13)

A small kitten follows me everywhere. It is intense! I am annoyed. It won't leave me alone. I decide it has to die. I put it in a cupboard and put a gas pellet in there. I notice there are some rabbits in there too. They are in plastic bags. I pull them out. The kitty is trying desperately to get out. I shut the door. After awhile, I notice that there is a white mist in the room and I realize that the kitten has put the gas pellet in my room. Coughing, we escape outside. Later, I hear that cousins Patricia and Terence are getting married. I am concerned, after all, they are already brother and sister. Then I think, "I guess it's O.K. They are really just cousins." (131 words)
#0614 (1984-11-15)

I'm at a hotel. I see some people perform. I go back to my hotel room to get my script. I find part of it. Then I realize some girls in the room next door destroyed my script. They are aiming a gun at me from a hole in the wall. It squirts water. I try to duck but I get wet. They are angry at me. Maybe I stole their man. I try to piece together the script. Someone says, "You can come on stage as my assistant." I am quite displeased. To just be an assistant? Then they suggest I can probably remember the script anyway. (108 words)
#0615 (1984-11-15)

I am a man, swimming in a river. There is danger. I swim and save Superman. We get to shore. Superman shoots arrows into the swarm of alligators that had been chasing us. He tells me I have been chosen to be the leader of a religion. I am to walk up a hill to my new temple and meet my bride. I do so but I'm uncertain. It's a steep hill and I find an old run down building. I guess it's not fancy because we are a primitive tribe and it's trying to blend in. The first floor is empty probably for meetings and dormitories. I go upstairs. It's the "church" part. On one wall is a row of small square windows letting in beams of light. The room is dark. I see the alter and feel great relief. The symbols of the god are similar to our tribal god. I go behind the alter and find a small crowded kitchen. A blond woman is working and I realize that is to be my bride. We are both embarrassed and kind of look each other over. An older woman is working too and she says she'll help out for awhile. I say, "Oh good and maybe you'll stay and do the work." She gives me an exasperated look and says, "I'm a woman and I do woman's work and I don't get paid. Everyone thinks I'll help out for free. I want to be paid." I say, "Oh, sorry! Sure." (252 words)
#0617 (1984-11-16)

I'm angry at Lisa. She tells my brother Dwight to drive her to school. I tell her to wait and I'll take her to school. She ignores me and goes. My "step-mother" keeps spraying me with perfume. I am annoyed and I tell her to quit it! I tell her that I am what I am and I won't change. I dress casually and act informal. I'm still trying to get ready for school. Jake keeps squirting water at me. I'm annoyed at everyone. (84 words)
#0618 (1984-11-17)

The girls and I are going swimming. I get in the shallow end and dog paddle around gingerly. Then I feel challenged to swim with long strokes out to the deeper area. I do so somewhat hesitantly. I stay near the pool edge and Dovre stays by to rescue me if necessary. We get out of the pool/lake. It's fairly crowded. We start to walk down the street. I have trouble walking because my both legs are in one pant leg, like in my mermaid suit. I kind of shuffle, hop along. Then it changes to normal and I walk. I notice a Christmas parade is coming down the street. It's colorful and noisy. We stop to watch it go by. My grandparents (Agnes & Clyde) are there and so is Aunt Esther. The parade is sort of happening through their living room. There are lovely, yellow, lemon-smelling candles. She sure has a lot of candles; her kids must be at that age. Grandma Agnes quarrels about a duck bowl. Rochelle is sitting on a piece of furniture doing a commercial. Half-way through, she runs out of things to day and hops down. I am annoyed at her. She finds a book and asks me to explain it to her. I start teaching about saying yes to a scene and not giving up. She seems to be interested. [BL] (228 words)
#0620 (1984-11-19)

I want to invent something or discover something no one else has. I decide to time a flock of sheep as they run up a steep hill. I run up the hill with them to chase them, so they don't scatter. If I take it one step at a time, I know I'll make it. I get to the top and find Lydia's house. I go in to wait. We chat. I see there are some dishes to do. I race with Lydia to get to the sink first. I dip my fingers in the water and say, "Me first." We laugh. She finally gives in and lets me. I start washing. I think I see one of my daughters in the sink. I put my hands on my hips and say, "Ellie, get out of there now." A man is watching all this and smiles. Then I don't see her. I say, "How embarrassing. I thought she was in the sink." My cousin Deirdre is there. As I'm washing dishes, Doug and Lydia tell me about a new kind of wool they've discovered. The sheep gave a wool that is a natural polyester. I look at the knitted sweaters and admire how nice they look and feel. Then Lydia goes outside. Suddenly she wells to me to get the gun off the top of the refrigerator and save her. She is being attacked by a beast. She is screaming. I run to look for the gun. I find lots of junk and pliers but no gun. I feel helpless and frustrated and I paw through the junk frantically. She keeps crying out for me. I feel hideous. I try to make a gun appear via using my thinking powers, but no dice. (293 words)
#0621 (1984-11-20)

We are moving back into the M City house. My parents and I are tired but are putting things where they belong. I look around the room. I put my books on a book case. I start sweeping dirt up, my mother is too. We get in each other's way. Finally, we get the floor clear. Someone vacuums the carpet. Paulina moves my bookcase into place. I'm disappointed and say, "No, not there. I can't see it." She shifts it around and books fall sideways and all over. My father insists on moving the piano near that corner. I look around and see lots of old furniture, records and stuff, all my parents stuff. I see the beauty of the room, the lovely windows, the beautiful hard wood floor, and I feel sad that I can't just get more of my parents' stuff out and let the room be mine. Aunt Elaine is there. My mother looks out at the mail boxes and says, "The bills are gone. Someone has picked them up." She's annoyed. I start reading a book that explains that there are hidden puns in dreams. It shows words and how when you break them up, you find the answer (Er rick da Erro Rick, Spanish for gives), like that. There were other examples. It made me want to examine my dreams more closely. Then we get in our car. My father is driving and I'm thinking, "Well, here I am in M City again. What will it be like this time? Who will I meet?" (259 words)
#0622 (1984-11-20)

(Before above dream) I'm in the M City house. Pete and I are dancing slowly and closely. It is intimate, cuddly, and sweet. We kiss. I think, "If we keep this up, we'll get sexually excited." A young teen girl says, "That's O.K! Sex is a natural function." She suggests we get come cancer sticks and have fun. We are in the kitchen of the M City house. (68 words)
#0623 (1984-11-22)

It is a performance and it is my turn to dance. My partner and I start dancing but he leads us in an improvisational dance instead of the one we had rehearsed. We do well. The large audience applauds loudly, warmly and long. I look for and signal for the rest of the troupe to join us in the finale curtain call. They are slow in doing so. I think, "I really like this," and bow to the audience. (79 words)
#0624 (1984-11-23)

I have a ray gun and I'm told I have to use it on "the other side." I don't want to. The leader and I of "our side" go way up into the bleachers to watch the piano concerto of the red headed leader of "the other side." His eyes follow me and even though I'm a mere speck in a crowd of people. I experience intense eye contact from him. He plays beautifully. At intermission, the leader and I go down to congratulate him. We are disguised. He recognizes me and doesn't say anything. Later, I must use my ray gun on a group of 5 people who are the leaders of "the other side." It sort of melts them into a trance or kills them. One woman gets angry and is surrounded by the color purple. The rays don't work on her. I tell my friend, "Don't let her tell anyone else or we're in big trouble." I go the other man who is in a trance and tell him not to believe what JoAnne will tell him. I repeat it in the mike of his video equipment. He agrees. (192 words)
#0625 (1984-11-23)

Bonnie asks me to walk with her to go get something she forgot. We are packing for a trip. We walk down a hill and she asks if it will be too hard for me to wade in the water and grass. I am a little annoyed but say it's O.K. I slosh around a little unbalanced at times. I get the items she had forgot. They are metal refrigerator racks. As I'm walking back, Bonnie says, "Be careful!" I look around to see what the danger is. I see nothing amiss. She says, "There can be danger from salt." She means that when I hug the metal racks, corrosive salt could get on me. We go back up the hill and find ourselves in Mexico, in a park plaza sitting on a bench innocently flirting with guys. A Mexican cop comes and arrests me. I laugh because it must be some joke or misunderstanding. He is serious and takes me to jail. I tell Bonnie to help me, "Don't let me be forgotten." Then the cop takes me to the desk clerk. He says, "Here she is." I say, "Have you seen this face on any wanted posters?" She is unsure. I figure she should realize and let me go. She doesn't. We walk down long steps and corridors to my cell. Mostly guys are in this wing and it makes me nervous. Paulina and I are getting locked up in a tiny cell. (245 words)
#0626 (1984-11-24)

A guy was announcing that he wanted $9 to help a young woman escape (East Germany or some place). He was on a radio downstairs. I was upstairs. A man came over with a box that had $2.25 written on it. He apologized because it wasn't much but it was all he could afford. I called it downstairs, leaning over the banister. The two more men offered $5 each. Hooray, we made our goal. I left for a moment and came back. The guy was angry at me because he had told me to stay there! (96 words)
#0628 (1984-11-25)

I'm moving and I must go to the biology office to get some books so I can know more about the department. I have a cut on my finger. The department head says co-worker Josh told him to watch out for me. He stares at me and we both laugh. We don't know why he said that. A good-looking guy, a teacher, is watching me. The secretary gets me 5 or 6 books and I leave. I get in an elevator that is as large as a room, with furniture in it. I go to the back and then turn around and go to the front, stepping over furniture. I get out and I'm in search of another department office but I can't remember which one I'm looking for. I go down the corridor. I see Co-worker Josh in the cafeteria. I show him my cut finger. He asks me if I'm going into the cafe line. I say, "No, I'm on my way." I continue on. I see a violent man and his woman. They hit and throw things. I try to sneak away from them. I go into an empty office to call security. I try to lock the door but he's pushing on the door. They get in. I'm pretending to talk to some friend but it's really security. I don't fool the guy. He leaves the room, starting a dangerous fire outside the door. I go to a small window to break it so I can escape. It's too small, so I scurry out to the hall and find a bigger window. I escape. (268 words)
#0629 (1984-11-26)

I'm walking and it turns into a journey. First, it's summer and quite lovely. Then, it's winter, with snow and hills. I stop at a cafe to rest. Some idiot man tries to harass me. I yell at him to leave me alone. I'm tired and I don't need him. He keeps it up. I get up and leave. I walk now. I am stopped at a large body of water. I'm trying to figure out how to get to the other side. A man offers a sort of ladder, boat. I put a small baby in my backpack. The "audience" is anxious, hoping I don't fall in the water. I make it to the other side. I mourn the fact that because I'm on a journey I can't take my "things." There are piles of boxes and sacks, small teddy bears, Christmas decorations, etc. Then I leave everything and continue on my journey. (154 words)
#0630 (1984-11-29)

I am going to the beach. I have my 2 piece swim suit on but the top is a little loose and the nipples show. I go inside the building. I can't find my towels and then I find them in my hands, dragging in a puddle. I go to the bathroom and think, "Now how am I going to get my top back on?," (I had taken it off to go to the bathroom). Mirabelle comes along and ties the strings for me. We start to go outside. Now I see a woman sort of dancing. As she dances, she transforms herself into a series of plastic shapes. Finally, there is nothing left but objects de art. A chubby faced man with bad teeth, notices this and starts wondering out loud how to make the most money. He asks me to move out of the aisle so customers can get to them. I go up first and see a plastic square that has her picture in it. As I look at it, she winks at me and says things. I ask how much and pay $2.00 feeling I've got a good bargain. I show it to Bonnie and say, "Watch this!" She (the picture), doesn't move! I say, "Oh great, now Bonnie will think I'm crazy." I advise Bonnie to stare at it until she does move. She finally does. It's a wondrous gift. She can tell me things I need to know. (244 words)
#0631 (1984-11-29)

I go to the bathroom. A young boy is playing nearby and drags his plastic toy through the urine. I tell his mother and then take it to the sink to clean it. As I do so, Lydia comes over. She looks horrified and says, "Oh! There's a louse." She sees two or three on the sink and my hand. She looks at me. I say, "I don't have lice!" She is suspicious of me. I walk out to the car. My "man" is there. We sit in the back seat together with some of Lydia's kids. (97 words)
#0632 (1984-11-30)

I'm at grandma Mildred's house, packing to go somewhere, maybe school. Bonnie is around. Then my "son" wants to build a harp. I tell him, "That's too hard," but he insists and does build an ornate, complex instrument that sort of folds up. I then find a picture, a photo, where you can see the jigsaw patterns. One part still has the puzzle pieces on it. We remove the parts. Something is wrong with the lady's eye. I called it a name and ask what was wrong. No one knew. The boy is impressed. He says he's amazed at how talented I am. I am equally amazed because he's more talented than me! Doctor A, doctor drama, acting. (118 words)
#0633 (1984-12-01)

I am on a boat, going down the river with a man. The boat over turns and I must swim for it. The current is swift and getting swifter. We are nearing a waterfall. I struggle and get to shore and make it. I see him struggling and I give a helping hand, afraid I might get pulled back in. We make it safely. (64 words)
#0634 (1984-12-06)

The girls and I are at a track meet. We are high in the stands and I can't see too well over the crowd. They start running. I go across to see them as they leave the stadium. Some of the runners are good looking, some are M.R.'s and are very uncoordinated. I see one in trouble and go down to help. An older man, sort of like Ray Milland, likes me and flirts. I flirt back and then go back to the top of the stadium. I watch more runners. A cow with horns threatens them. I take my German book down there. A woman official is very pleased with me and walks back up with me, encouraging me to join their elite group, with the guy too. She says, "How do you say it in German?," and I say, "Du bist muy wonderful," and laugh and say, "It's a joke because the last two words aren't German." I remember my German book down by the cow. We go down to get it. She is very pleased with me. When we come backup, Ray Milland is walking with me arm in arm and we are laughing and enjoying each other's company. (202 words)
#0636 (1984-12-07)

A Mexican man and myself are walking toward the beach. We are told by the gatekeeper to take a certain path. The Mexican suggests we take a short cut between two houses. We sneak by but the gatekeeper comes after us on a motorcycle. I plead, "The reason is that I can't walk well," and I ask for a ride on his motorcycle. He agrees. I can't figure out where to put my feet. I figure it out and we go. We are taken to a cottage. I look for the bathroom and sit. As I sit, I see a huge mama cat feeding her many babies, some were blue and some were pink! The motorcycle man comes in and I'm a little embarrassed. Someone else points out a room and tells me there is something scary. I feel a little scared. A M.R. person comes in and I tell them it's the wrong room. I notice someone has palmed off that dead rotting on them. (166 words)
#0638 (1984-12-10)

Dovre, Ellie, and I are going to take a walk to a gift store. We are in Mexico City. I decide that I could use my wheelchair and find downtown and really shop. Ellie argues with me and I give her a lecture about not spoiling things. I look at earrings. They are very expensive. The next store has bottled pickles or something. We leave there. We ask a man where the street is to go downtown. No answer. We walk down the hall. I see Zoe gardening. We ask her how to get to Mexico City. She laughs at us and says, "Over there, highway 101." She and Mabel get in an argument and keep looking at me like I'm the mediator. I don't want the job. I decide not to go. (133 words)
#0641 (1984-12-11)

A group of people are taking a walk. Mondale, my husband, is ahead of me. We are walking on a narrow rocky path next to a pond of water. Mondale slips and falls in. I manage to stay on the path. He gets out and falls in again. Then we all sit down on the path to listen to speeches. Mondale starts speaking. It's pretty boring. They ask me to speak. I point out I'm smarter and more interesting to listen to. Later, a comedy troupe does a bit where a woman kisses a woman. They all look for the crowd's reaction. Everyone laughs. One member of the troupe says, "See, they don't approve." I disagree. I think they like it. (121 words)
#0642 (1984-12-15)

I'm at work but it is the old M City house. A man asks me about my banjo. I had advertised it for sale. I say, "Oh yes," and bring it out. It's all beat up, with strings missing, a guitar neck, and a square cigar box body. He's pretty contemptuous and asks brusque questions. I can't remember some of the answers of how to restring it and so on. The man, an administrative person in a 3 piece suit, asks me how it will sound, seeing as how it is so crummy. I am a little annoyed and say, "It's the length of the neck and the size of the body that makes the sound." He had suggested we change it radically. He says, "Let me hear it." I try three chords, after trying to remember which ones go together. I do A, E and D? It is lovely. We are both impressed. He says, "Well, I am interested. Let's have dinner tomorrow night and discuss this in more detail." I agree, trying to remember his name. I thought it was Bill Pourter. I feel a little scared as it's plain. It's a date. I look at myself. I'm wearing a lovely dress, with nylons, my hair done nicely, etc. Ethan comes in and asks where his photo album is, the one with his wedding pictures in it. It's not where he left it for people to see. I say, "I'll go ask Valerie," and I'm thinking, "Oh, I want to look at them." Valerie says, "There's a check out sheet near the place where they were." Ethan says, "It's gone too." Valerie says, "Oh, it must be one of the 'boys'. They probably have it," (her office is in the kitchen). (293 words)
#0644 (1984-12-17)

I am wearing a lovely evening gown, walking through a building hoping not to be noticed. I almost make it, but a guy whistles at me. I ignore him. He catches up with me and asks me to dance. I agree reluctantly. He says he only dances "the box," i.e. he dances in a straight line backwards, then turns 90 degrees and dances the next line, etc. forming a square. He's attracted to me. I feel defensive, and somewhat stiff. (80 words)
#0646 (1984-12-17)

A man was ill and in a "hospital." He gave a lecture to us. He told people he was mad at them or at least disappointed because they would come to the store and "buy out the store and then would be too tired to come visit him." He'd like people to put him first, not last! He turned to me and said, "Except you, you need to learn the opposite." (71 words)
#0649 (1984-12-20)

Bonnie and I are on a vacation, traveling. We meet this nice guy who shows us the backwaters of a lagoon. The water has debris and stuff in it like snake-like plants floating in it, etc. He says, "It used to be cleaner." We go to his cabin on the other side to visit. He gets food out, an egg, etc. for lunch. He and I like each other. We laugh and joke. It's fun, camaraderie. Bonnie gets sick. I sit with her and say, "If you were counseling someone who complained of pain like you do, what would you tell them?" I was trying to get her to be more objective. Then there is a big parade, with lovely Jamaican drums. I enjoy the beat. One of the gloats has a cook making spaghetti with hot sauce for Bonnie. I see Bonnie in the audience. We are sitting in pews. A woman says, "Wait, your turn is next." They bring the next float. It has a wedding cake on it. They announce sugarless cake for the guy and myself. I am pleased. I ask what they substituted. It was honey. I start eating. Mabel takes some of the honey away. She doesn't want me to eat too much at once and get sick. I remember eating honey on bread and not getting the irregular heart beat. It is really delicious. Co-worker Tyler is there, talking. Then I'm in a class. I choose a book of Elizabeth Taylor to analyze myself with. It's a study of contrasts, she's beautiful, successful, rich and sexually active... I'm the opposite of all that. There is a poem on the blackboard, something about zoo zoo's and I am trying to figure out the connection to me. (292 words)
#0650 (1984-12-21)

I am dancing with a man up a series of flights of stairs. It's very dramatic and faked. There are lots of hand and arm gestures. We are playing to an audience, but it's no where to be seen. Now I'm moving my files from one office to the other. Mabel has my pill box and I'm looking for her. I find it and take a white 5 mg pill thinking she forgot to give me it with the four pink ones this morning. A man comes into the office; it's Mitch. We are friendly. We look out the window and start kissing. [BL] (103 words)
#0651 (1984-12-26)

I am conducting some sort of class. I tell the women to break up into three groups. One group is looking for jobs. Another group is looking for career and adventure, and a third group is genuinely wanting to be housewives and mothers. They each have a group project they are working on. I go to observe each group. As they use the tinsel-like materials to create something, I notice the housewife group wears lots of frills. Then the women are leaving and they haven't completed their task. I tell them to complete it. Each group hands me their project, almost finished. They look like fancy junky designs. I'm not pleased. Then I am swimming in a narrow channel. At first my strokes are only half completed. Then I stretch out and do each stroke correctly. I am going very fast, the water sparkling. My hands cleaving the water very sharply at each stroke. Now I turn to go back. The channel narrows until it is just a metal 2 inch strip that I am climbing up. It goes straight up very high and I get scared of heights. The two tracks meet and I have to let go of one to transfer to the other. I am scared and hardly want to let go for fear of falling. (219 words)
#0652 (1984-12-27)

Dovre, Ellie, and I are trying to find a way through to a road. It is the way to my job interview. I try several side streets but they don't go through. I backtrack and find W's house. Only the XXX's live there. I ask directions of the man. Then I decide I need to change my clothes so I'll be better dressed for the interview. I put on a blouse and a skirt. Then Dovre says, "Look," and I notice that when I stand up, you can see through the skirt. In fact, my legs look real muscular and cute, with a bruise on the right side of the knee. I think about putting on an underslip. (118 words)
#0653 (1984-12-27)

I am taking my medicine. There is a lot of different kinds. I swallow a long thin rectangular solid piece (like a piece of square chalk) wrapper and all. It's the last "anger" pill. I have to go get a refill. In fact all my meds need refills. I go to the lady who does that, hoping to remember all the kinds of meds I will need. A. Woods is the lady. She's sort of a witch doctor type and dances around. These are rituals. We must spread a layer of dirt and then hay on top. Another strip of dirt next to that with apples on it. There is also a layer of sewing tools to be spread. I use a rake to do it. She tells us there is a fire for the angry ritual, which I have done before and need to do again. I resent that a little but do it. There is loud incantations and fiery happenings. (162 words)
#0656 (1984-12-28)

I am in a room. I go to the window to look out. The lace curtains are painted on the window. I try to move it or scratch it off. I can't see much out the window. There is a man that wants me back into a relationship with him. If I like the house, maybe I'll move back in, so he keeps checking with me to see if I like things. I travel through the rooms looking, not wanting to be back in the relationship. Too many bad, poor years. The house has many rooms. I start figuring out what each room is, a dining room, then a utility room for washer and dryer hook ups. I see a basement room. The man asks what I would put there, and I say, "The pool table." He is pleased. (139 words)
#0658 (1984-12-30)

I am in a house and decide I want to eat pancakes. I look through the cupboards for the pancake mix but can't find it, so I use round bread and melt butter on it and put apple sauce on it. I look for the syrup but I can't find it. Bonnie is my roommate. I say goodnight to her and start upstairs for bed. I remember I didn't check all the doors and windows to see if they are locked. I feel guilty. I go to each door and window and lock them. I then go upstairs and get in bed. I wake up because "Zippy" the dog is in and banging everything with his enthusiastic tail. I try to figure out why he's there. I hear noises and look out my window. A boy is stealing the car. At first I think it's the first boy that I had found earlier taking things out of the trunk of Bonnie's red car, but this is a different boy (like Anthony). I call him Rizzo. The car is brown, with the windshield broken out and the frame ruined. I worry now that Ellie had snuck out to help the boy, leaving us unprotected by not locking up the house. (209 words)
#0659 (1984-12-30)

Dwight/I leave. We are going up to the mountains to be alone. We take food. The snow is deep. We napped. When we woke up a huge bear was standing up ready to strike and eat us up. We threw our food at him and barely escaped! We went back down and looked for our old apartment. My father and my mother watched us from their apartment window. We found it, #18. We went in only to discover someone else had already moved in. We tiptoe out hoping that they don't catch us. We walk on. Finally, it is time to return. We have to jump from a very high bridge and swim a very deep and wide river. We poise to dive and we're scared. I make the bridge come lower and we jump in. It is very shallow and then after a few strokes it is very deep. We swallow a little water and struggle but we make it to the other side. (165 words)
#0660 (1984-12-30)

A musical play is opening. I am in my wheelchair. The lines of marchers with their flags line up. The stage manager wants me to be well out of sight and grabs my chair and drags me to the place. I am angry and tell him not to do that! He should tell me where the place is. I'd get there probably faster than he could. He apologizes. It's my car. The marchers are behind the audience and they have sung and marched up the aisles to the stage. I suddenly realize there is no ramp but only stairs. The stage manager says he'll carry me. I reluctantly agree. We (the birds) go up the aisles singing the same song and as we get to the stage I see that R. has ramped it! We glide up to our places backstage. The marchers enter singing about how they have two feet and in bluesy notes we add that we have one and do the same things! It's an upbeat fun song. Rochelle forgets her lines and I cue her. It's Mark H., not Merle. It's a fun choreographed opening with walkies and wheelies working together. "We've got two feet and we can walk..." (stamp, stamp). "We've got one foot and we get there too..." (roll, roll turn). (217 words)
#0662 (1985-01-04)

I have a neighbor; he visits frequently. We are friends. He starts kissing me very gently and kindly. I like him very much. We realize we are going to be lovers. It's very nice. I feel happy. Then I realize the bad guy neighbor is on his way to visit me and I don't want him to know about my new relationship. I "see" him coming down the road. He's riding in some open air vehicle and has crows that talk. He sends one on ahead to give me the message that he's coming to visit. I hurry to get my friend out. I leave a message that I've gone to a small family birthday party at my brother's house next door and he can drop in if he wishes. I hope my good friend doesn't decide to drop by too. It would make things more difficult. [BL] (147 words)
#0664 (1985-01-06)

I am in a building. I go down a long flight of stairs to a small hall or porch. It's time to get color draped. A male attendant brings the first color. It is blue. I say, "Oh good. That's my favorite color." That should indicate something. He tries dark blue first. I put on a knitted sweater and pants. He puts on my makeup. I look lovely. Next he tries yellow, then red, then black. He is very tender, and I think he likes me. Then it's time to go. There's sort of an earthquake. Then the building starts flying. We are traveling over the traffic. The freeway is below us, the noise and the pollution, I don't go too high because I'm afraid of flying. Then it's time to swim. I go to the shallow end of a pool. He (the attendant) is watching me, lovingly. I swim laps. Then a little boy swims up to me. I pick him up and take him to the edge. I ask who let him in. Someone says they did. So I have to let him swim but I don't want to because he's so little I'm afraid he'll drown. (199 words)
#0665 (1985-01-06)

I am like Olga, a Spanish-speaking wife of a TV show personality. I am shy and sweet. My husband arranges an audition for me. Jerry Lewis is the producer. He says, "Start the camera," and I go camera shy, hardly able to speak, then he says, "Camera off, " and I feel better. Only he left one on so I nod and talk and everyone thinks I'm great. My husband and I are going to do a show together. (79 words)
#0666 (1985-01-09)

I am in the M City house living room but it's sort of a classroom. A teacher is writing on the board, in English. An Arab man gets up to explain it to his people He speaks in English and writes on the board in Arabic. I hear people in the audience complain because they can't read it. I laugh and point out that now the shoe is on the other foot, now we know how they felt. Later, I'm sitting on a couch. The Arabic man is talking to his young son. He calls him B. I call the boy over and ask him what his name is. He tells me. It's not mine. I say, "Oh. I thought you had the same name as me." I am holding a cat and petting it. The boy sits in a rocking chair next to me on the couch and rocks on the cat's tail. I say, "Be careful of the cat and me." He then is careful. I pull the cat out from under my skirt. A little girl comes running in and wants to be petted too. Then she is a cat and I have both of them in my lap. (202 words)
#0669 (1985-01-17)

I am waiting to go to work. I sit at a restaurant table. On my left is my "boyfriend" and to my right is a man that wants to be my boyfriend. He is courting me. He asks me for kisses, hugs me, buys my dinner. I refuse him loudly and directly, but let him pay for the dinner. I need to know what time my next work shift is. I look on the pencil it's printed on. It's been scratched off. I am angry. I say, "Who did this?" knowing it was him. He apologizes, and yells out, "I believe in abortion." Then he is embarrassed because everyone in the room heard him. They laugh and applaud. A couple of the booths close their glass windows to silently say they disapprove. (132 words)
#0670 (1985-01-20)

I am flying in Terence's plane. I am a little scared that there will be an accident. I am the passenger. First, we fly just fine. Then we get to close to the ground but we can't get higher because of the wires. I am nervous we won't see them and attempt to rise and get caught in them, or hit buildings or cars because we're so low. I cry out, "Look out for the building!" And we swing around it, barely missing it. Then the engine stalls. Terence just opens the hood and dinks around in it. He says, "It's nice we have such a compact little plane. Easier to fix." We go on. (115 words)
#0671 (1985-01-20)

Now I'm in a town, maybe T City, looking for a particular drugstore that carries the medicine I need. I am looking for the Rexall Drugs. I call the operator. She finds it, but it isn't the right one. I try to remember the right name, Wal... something. Then as we are driving, I see two cars, Yitzak in one, Kim and Dan and family in the other. They had heard somehow about me needing the medicine and got it for me. A most fortuitous meeting. We chat. They are on their way to a vacation. I offer to pay for the expensive deposit on the meds and they say no! No problem because they can collect it back later. [BL] (120 words)
#0672 (1985-01-20)

I walk into an enclosed porch of a house and see Terence all dressed up in a blue suit (light blue). I exclaim, "What a coincidence, I just dreamed about him this morning." I am vaguely aware that he is dead and a little surprised to see him alive. Then I see a lot of books. They are children's mysteries written by Terence. I then realize that Terence had written them. I am very surprised. [BL] (75 words)
#0673 (1985-01-21)

Co-worker Jerome is giving orders to Veronica about a secret book called Tripoli, or something like that. I go into the room to find out more about what is going on. Rich Freund won't let me see the book, he implies there isn't any. I ask Diane about it. I say if you don't tell me, you could get busted to janitor. She sneers and says, "You say that like it's an insult." I say, "It's the same if I was busted to classified." Then I decide I have to find the book and turn it in. I think Jerome has taken over the C. dept and is making judgements about people based on what's in that book. I snatch it and run for Pedro's office. Jerome and Rich follow me, very nervous. Jerome says, "You haven't got anything on me. I haven't signed anything." I say, "You wanta bet?" He's wary and surprised. Then I open the book and explain it to the audience. It's an innocuous book with little articles and cartoons. The damning pages are the horoscope pages. People have different colored symbols and they look up their meaning. Important decisions about people's lives are being made on those silly things. Someone's day is a green 8. They have a candle, an angel's smiling face, etc. (219 words)
#0674 (1985-01-22)

I see a bad guy crawling through my window. I pick up the phone and as I walk to the door, I dial 0 and ask for the police. I am afraid. He follows me. As I get outside, I yell for help. Uncle Lionel comes over to help me. I realize that the bad guy is Terence and hope Teri doesn't notice so he'll continue to help me. (69 words)
#0675 (1985-01-23)

I'm in a big bed and Mabel and I are all scrunched up on one edge. A big pillow is blocking us; my leg is hanging over the edge. I'm uncomfortable and about ready to fall. The pillow is my writing. I change to the other side of the bed and the pillow is there too. Then I am standing at the foot of the bed madly writing on an easel, nonsense words. I want to stop and rest but I am driven to write. (85 words)
#0676 (1985-01-24)

I'm going over the hill to the community college on a racing bike. It's hard but I'm doing it, going up hill. Kids Paulina's age are pulling out, but I keep going on. A guy wants to use my repair kit. I'm willing, but don't know how. He gets mad at me. I tell him I have arthritis and this isn't my equipment. He gives up the race and goes back. I go on. Now I'm going down hill fast, curves, almost too fast, barely control the bike, now going up hill. I hear a male sleazy biker friend deciding to lay out his bed on the trail. I yell, "Get him off the trail or I'll run over him." I grab cigs on my way by, but they won't light or fall apart. The guys laugh because there was marijuana in one. It falls apart. I go on and against great odds I win! Exhausted but happy. (158 words)
#0677 (1985-01-26)

I am at a dance. I look lovely in a long dress. A young man comes up and asks me to go out with him. I immediately say, "No!" very firm. I say, "It's my policy not to go out with anyone here." Then I sit down at a table. I am sandwiched between two men, one is the one I refused. I start wondering why I turned him down, aware that it scares me to think of going out with someone. I leave. The other man follows me. He likes me and I am attracted to him. He doesn't ask me anything. He just engages me in conversation and I enjoy being around him. [BL] (115 words)
#0678 (1985-01-26)

I am visiting Hector in Mexico. He and I are talking. I ask him why hasn't he written? Aren't we friends any more? He moves away from me and crosses his arms. I feel sad and curious and frustrated. Then we go downstairs to see his family. I see a list of what each son got on his 15th birthday. They get $1000 or a car. Both sisters got a party. I didn't think it was fair. I notice they have remodeled their house. We go upstairs, passing another stairway going down. I am intrigued but don't go there. I see a window and outside, a push cart with books and gifts on it. I go out to see if I shall buy anything. I decide not to. I ask where Roberto is. No one knows. [BL] (136 words)
#0679 (1985-01-28)

I am seated at some conference. Maggie is there, Mabel and Orville, all co-workers. We are listening to some lectures. I am writing a story idea. Maggie suggests we do some stories and play. Then Mabel comes out and asks me to pay back what I owe her. I get my wallet out. She takes a $20. I am upset and ask her several times how much I owe her, expecting change. I am very upset at her and at the same time I realize she is right. I really do owe her the money. (95 words)
#0680 (1985-01-29)

I am trying on the old-fashioned clothes of a "grandmother." My "grandfather" who loved her very much is sharing her with me. It's a very meaningful moment for me. I put on her "lawyer" dress. She wore it when she worked as a lawyer. It was lovely: white ruffles, a bustle, lavender silk. I tried on another dress. It was obvious I'm too plump. The swimsuit is very sexy. (69 words)
#0683 (1985-01-30)

I'm in the chair. I drive it over a big desk and run it over the edge. I lightly land. Someone is astonished at that. I drive away. I see my cousin Abner; he's in church. I drive up next to his desk. The minister comes up and reaches under my dress and fondles my breast. I can't believe it's really happening because we are in full view of the church members. He talks his sermon as if nothing has happened. I just stare up at him surprised. Abner sneaks a note to me. It has Pete's address on it. 509. I ask what that means. Someone says it means "my fair lady." Later, Tyler talks to me about an adventure he had and how he told my stories. He has a piece of my Mexico dress around his neck. I receive a gift, a 3-D picture from the guys from Mexico. It starts transforming into a ferocious robot, but I have to hold it up because the legs were weak. Then it transformed back. CCC/D wrote the "picture." (179 words)
#0684 (1985-01-31)

I am at my parents'. I am packing some things from a trip. A man likes me. He's arrogant. We all get in a van. He and I sit in the seat behind my father, who drives. The man and I cuddle. We kiss. It's pleasant, but I am aware he is emotionally distant, kissing me to "show" my father who's boss. Later, I am shopping. I see a man with a yellow shoe. He has it on his hand and is tap dancing with it. I am pleased and put on a pair, yellow satin. I tap dance. The man comes by and tells me to stop. He forbids me to tap dance. I am upset with him. I follow him to my parents house, rich, yellow color. Soft, we live there with my parents. I resent this. My mother lays a beautiful white lace night gown on my bed and wants the man and me to make love on it so the blood spots will help someone have babies. (171 words)
#0686 (1985-02-02)

There were spies. I became one. They had a secret message. The spy asked me how I could get to the roof restaurant. I said we'd take the elevator. I was pleased we'd go there together because it was ritzy and romantic. We got in the elevator. I was bandaged up like a mummy and my wheelchair was more like a "dolly" where I was standing. As we reached the roof area, fancy waiters watched us suspiciously. There were big gangster cats watching us. We go sit at a booth. I'm not bandaged now. He holds a message and asks how I shall get rid of it. I try to light a match to burn it. The matches go out or burn my fingers. Even after I finally burn the message, I have a lump of material left and have to figure out how to get rid of that. Part of the message was money. (155 words)
#0687 (1985-02-03)

I was defending the Eskimo culture in a courtroom situation. It is the custom of the Eskimos not to bond or show love to their babies for the first year and a half because so many of them die. If they live, then they are loved a lot. There is a white man judge and lawyer who are trying to prove this is cruel and unusual punishment. I shout at them and call them names and argue eloquently and tell that I was an Eskimo for 1 1/2 years and then a white woman. So I can understand both sides. Later I am lecturing the Eskimos' parents to take better care of the babies. (114 words)
#0688 (1985-02-07)

I am traveling. I go to Germany. Cousin Abner is there. They are friendly. I sit in an old overstuffed chair that sort of dumps you to the floor. It's a room for old ladies. Then Dovre and I catch a bus. I can't find the ticket booth, so the driver shows me. I walk up a steep hill. The bus then takes us to Paris, France. We then walk up another steep hill to see the beautiful idyllic country scenery. We walk through a cafe and I remember I don't know how to speak French. A woman suggests I speak German. I remember I can speak Spanish. I say, "Comer!" Later on the hill at sun rise I am delighted with the view and at my camera ready. As I prepare to take a picture, I notice lots of people, tourists, in the way. I have waited too long. (150 words)
#0689 (1985-02-08)

A small kitten is lying on my lap. I am amazed it can talk English! My grandfather Lloyd brings me a measuring cup with liquid in it. He says if I drink 4 swallows, take a pill, and rub some of the liquid on my wrist, I shall be able to hear and talk with my cat. I then notice there is a leak. I quickly swallow it, take the pill, etc. I call to my cat "Kathleen." She looks at me, but doesn't talk. I learn she prefers to be called Kathy. Then I go out with a friend to get into a small sports car. I unlock her door. She gets in and unlocks my door. It's hard to get in. The car is so small. I notice cigs are on the outside and I start to drive. I open the door and struggle to get the almost empty pack. I think of Darryl. I drive fast. (159 words)
#0690 (1985-02-10)

I'm painting a room, green. Some people interrupt me. They have information about the guilt of someone. They were witnesses to the burning of a Isuzu car. I leave my work to listen to them. I finally convince them to tell their story to the authorities. They won't go there in public, so I take them through a private corridor. It goes through a series of non-peopled spare bedrooms. "The first one," I tell them, "is where I go when I want privacy or quiet." After we go through a lot of them, I point out that this used to be a mansion. We get to the door. I instruct them to put on a oxygen mask, which is clear plastic and covers both the nose and mouth. I tell them not to be afraid. This is pure oxygen. We go into a chamber. The door closes. Water fills it up. Then the door on the other side opens into a under water world. I am immediately called to finish my hostessing chores before I can bring my witnesses to the authorities' notice. I swim out to take drinks to people, etc. The witnesses are seated at a table to eat. There is some confusion about how they can eat with their masks on so they won't drown. They work it out. (222 words)
#0691 (1985-02-11)

I am in an apartment. There are puppies there and shit all over. I pick up one of the puppies and hold it like a baby. We go downstairs to get the manager to get them to clean up the apartment. The other woman goes to talk to her. I say I'll go too but she's afraid the manager will get upset because we have the puppy without permission. So I pet the "baby." It's very sweet. My friend comes back with an industrial kit to clean out toxins, etc. We'll have to vacate for hours. A bartender points out it's the wrong kit. We just need soap and water stuff. She goes back to exchange it. Now the bartender is a union musician who has to play any song requested. The manager comes over, saying she refuses to play two songs, Jingle Bells and one other. I comment that the boss should abide by the same rules as the workers. The workers applaud. (164 words)
#0692 (1985-02-11)

I see a man sitting on the tail of a giant fish like it was a tourist boat. It stops. The man gets off to swim and explore. The fish leaves. He is left behind. He panics because he was left in prehistoric times. I hear a dinosaur roaring. He must hide to survive. (54 words)
#0693 (1985-02-14)

I am in a church that's sort of like black gospel but we're white. I am singing and notice the leader and I have lovely harmonic voices. We are the leaders. A small baby girl is being naughty and talking. A church member spanks her. I tell her to stop it, she is only making matters worse. I pick up the girl and hug her. She says "It's so hard to grow up," and I sigh, "I sure know what you mean." Then I put her down and we singing leaders march around singing. We stop. A black church group across the street teases us. The minister looks at our sexy evening dresses and yells, "What are you trying to do, make us throw a "mock" fit?" One woman is in a red "hooker" dress, another in a blue one. I'm in lacy white. [BL] (144 words)
#0696 (1985-02-15)

I am at a big feast. A young kid is being obnoxious. We decide to not wait for a friend of a friend, and start eating. I go in and walk past the long table. As I pass one man, I ignore him and go sit at the head of the table. I have 2 choices, a high stool for sopranos or a lower one for altos. I sit on the high one. (73 words)
#0698 (1985-02-16)

I am a band leader, but I've not much experience. I am to direct a musical extravaganza. Hundreds of uniformed band members are milling around, looking to me for direction. I can't find my scripts, so I glance through a book and start telling the "regulars" to march over there and the "federales" to march to another spot. They all march away and I frantically search for the score and script. Soon I notice they aren't coming back. I feel I've lost control. (83 words)
#0699 (1985-02-16)

I make it up as I go along and order them all about. I suggest they all take off their hats and alternate playing certain notes to play the most difficult part, which is a Chopin something which is soft and sweet. That's hard for a marching band to do, but my ideas accomplish that. There is much applause. Everyone is thrilled. I suggest we take it on the road. I am walking past a tavern or cage. All the patrons are talking about my magnificent ideas. I go in and sit next to my guy. I am very happy. Suddenly, we have a fight. He's not happy about my success interfering with our time. I feel very sad but prefer to leave him than give up my new successful life style. I go to the counter and get a note from the cook, Nate, that says he really likes me. I wink and smile at him, feeling good that some man still likes me. It means I haven't given up relationships altogether just because one guy isn't pleased. The cook gives me a box of food. I try to carry it to my van. It starts to be difficult. The food spills out of the bags and I have trouble getting the wheelchair onto the van. (217 words)
#0700 (1985-02-17)

I am cleaning up. There is a bookcase and I tidy up the piles of books and pamphlets, "Alien," children's books, etc. There are lots of empty 3-ring notebooks or binders. I am keeping them; I might need them later. I find a pile of embossed pictures. I think one is of me, but it's not; it's of my cousin, Sonja. I see Abner and give him his picture. We talk. (71 words)
#0701 (1985-02-22)

Some tall man is coming toward the house. I lock the door and rush around locking windows. I can see him through the window and he looks mean. I am afraid. "Deb" is going to talk to her friend who got raped last night at 4xx South B., between the grade school and junior high. (55 words)
#0702 (1985-02-22)

I am going to a movie and go upstairs to sit in a special circle chair. There's some spy stuff going on and a brand new baby. The baby would tell me to lay her under the water so she can push a button while no one looks. I let her do that and pull her out seconds before she runs out of oxygen. Finally, I protest. She assures me she's o.k. I put my hand down there and push the button myself secretly. Then the baby and I must escape. We hide in the movie crowd. Dora and Willie are there and we agree to sit together. My round chair is sort of a wheelchair. A German general spies around. [BL] (121 words)
#0704 (1985-02-23)

There is a small baby. I lay it on its tummy. Some woman is concerned. She feels the baby is safer on its back. I change the baby's position. Then I change the diapers, several times. I ask the baby if her clothes need changing too. She says no, they aren't too wet. A man is hoping that I will go into relationship with him, making the baby his niece or nephew. He is hesitant and warm. I look over his apartment. I comment this might not do because he has lots of collections of things that a baby would disturb. I'm pleased he's so rich. We hesitantly kiss. (109 words)
#0705 (1985-02-23)

Grandma Mildred has shampoo in her hair. She's trying to work out some catchy gunk. I go to her room. I see Grandpa Lloyd. He's in a bathtub, somewhat modest. He's cleaning silverware for their 50th Wedding Anniversary. A naked man is by the tub. I notice his small penis. I go near grandma's bed and I see I need to change my clothes and put on a black slip. I unbutton 4 to 6 blouses and I ask for help. Dovre just watches. Lucy tries to help and my mother helps. They sort of get in the way. (99 words)
#0707 (1985-03-03)

I'm at the house in M City. Some of the C. department is there. I am in the "pool" room. It's changed. Two children are going to have their hair shampooed. Large gobs are put on their head. I am worried. The shower water starts. The kids cry out. It's too hot. I then notice the water sprinkles in the ceiling are raining hot water on us. We escape the room. Then I remember my book is in there. I ask someone to help me. No one does. I do it myself. I make several trips, first for the manuscript, the hard copy and then for the disks (the soft copy) and then for the computer. I am afraid to unplug it in the water for fear of a hot shock. I do it anyway and am pleased that I am successful. (142 words)
#0708 (1985-03-10)

I am a famous movie star and occasionally lecture at grade schools. I'm in my wheelchair. My chauffeur picks me up, in my van. We talk as he drives toward my mansion. He's new and takes the wrong turn. I give directions. I tell him to turn into the left land before we pass the columns or we'll be on the wrong road. He doesn't understand and doesn't turn in time. We curve around another way. I say it's o.k. even though I'm annoyed. I've made that mistake before too. Up here, turn right. I ask for my mail. He gives it to me and I open a small cardboard envelope that surprisingly has sexy black little bikini underwear. Another has a lace see through under skirt. I will it to be red. It slowly changes. I hold it up to me and I'm a little plump but I slowly change until I look sexy. The driver is smiling and asking what did I get in the mail? I see a toenail clipper and say I got that and industriously clip my toes! We turn right on 7th street. I say, "This isn't the right way." We have to go back to the intersection. (204 words)
#0710 (1985-03-12)

Ellie and I are out in the wilderness. A river in a canyon. A man, maybe my father, is sleeping on the ground. I suggest we find smooth, round pebbles for him to sleep on. It would make it better for him. Ellie drives a jeep backward up a waterfall. I am concerned, then she drives down the river. Suddenly the jeep explodes, killing family members. I am appalled and rush to look. It is discovered that the pebbles for Dad were jagged and rough and actually killed him. I am filled with guilt. I was doing it for good reasons, but I killed him. (105 words)
#0711 (1985-03-12)

I am running at a resort. I dive into the lake, being careful not to dive deep as I don't know how deep it is. I swim, amazed at how well I'm doing. A man is interested in me, but I don't like him. He's sleazy. He follows me. I go to the resort lodge. Really crowded. Someone says, "What does it mean when they say you are independent." I look at him and then demonstrate. I turn to the guy that runs the place and say I need a place to sleep. He immediately finds one for me. [BL] (99 words)
#0712 (1985-03-14)

Fred Astaire and I fall in love. I leave my mate to run away with Fred. We get in a beautiful, white convertible and Fred is driving. Unfortunately, he is drunk. I am curled up around him and watching the road nervously. I suggest that I drive. He says he's fine and swerves. I say, "Let's stop at the next Inn and sleep." He smiles and agrees. We do that. He wakes up, sober, and crying out for his wife. He doesn't love me any more. He leaves. I'm hurt. I keep the car, but have no money. I pretend I'm wealthy. I look gorgeous in my blue evening gown of sequins and fringe, very form fitting. The guys stare at me lustily as I go by. I go to the back yard to take a morning swim. At first I can't find the swimming pool, only a shallow mud hole. Then I see it. I walk past the lovely buffet breakfast, take off two layers of slinky robes, to the enjoyment of the men that followed me from the inn. I dive in and swim back up to the surface. There are ropes across and I take one end, swim across and hook the rope both ends together. Now my way is clear so I swim. Later, I go back into the Inn. Someone says, "She can't pay," and they follow me up to my room. I fess up to them and offer to sell the car (which I feel uneasy about anyway because it could be considered stolen.) (260 words)
#0713 (1985-03-14)

Howard is sitting on the passenger side in the front. Dovre and I are in the back of a station wagon. He puts the camera on the dashboard. I say, "Don't put the camera in the sun. It will hurt the film." He is annoyed at me and I smile, because it's what he used to say to me. I take the camera and hand it to Dovre to put in its case. She doesn't do it right and I complain to her. I feel a little strange that I'm with Howard again, but it's almost pleasant. We're over the worst and have mellowed out. (105 words)
#0715 (1985-03-15)

I'm in some strange land where I must choose my King, or a mate. I chose one who is tall, dark and handsome. He doesn't speak much. I tell him, "You sure are dark!" A good tan. Then I ask him if this is the way it's going to be, hardly any communication. He smiles and says no. We then must travel to his land. We do this by stepping on specially colored "tiles" or squares that are floating out in space. We get there, me stepping exactly where he had stepped before. The land likes to wear lots of bright, clashy colors together--purples, reds, blues, yellows, etc, all at once. I choose to wear only one color, turquoise and white. They are quite appalled. The queen, his mother, lectures me on how I should be like them. (138 words)
#0716 (1985-03-24)

The Birds are doing another show at Wow Hall. Rochelle and Lucy get mad at me because I tell them what to do. I tell Rochelle she can't play the piano now because we have to set up the lights and sound. They go to the dressing room and cry. I am angry and try to be everyone as I heroically set up the show alone. Then they come back out and are snotty. Paulina understands and says, "They expect you to lead and when you do, they refuse to follow!" I tell Rochelle to set up her synthesizer. She argues! (101 words)
#0717 (1985-03-24)

A man walks into a room. He is angry and so he gets to throw dishes at the wall. He has to bring his own dishes. He has a box of them, pink and blue. Now I'm in there with my dishes. They are wedding china with our invitation written in silver. I start smashing them. They are round with handles like a pizza pattern. Howard sits at a near by couch trying to get closer to me. I tell him to stop annoying me, I'm busy. (87 words)
#0718 (1985-03-26)

Mexican family. I tell the father I like them and want to be friends. He is somewhat aloof. Then I am in bed and see a bouquet of blue and white roses from him and a copper slipper, shoe. On the heel is a imprint of a sole of a shoe, with an imprint of a sole of a shoe, etc. I think that's interesting. (65 words)
#0719 (1985-03-26)

Lucy is putting her belongings on a shelf. It's at a basketball game. I'm dressed in slinky black lacy outfit. I go into another room. The men are very aware of me even though they can't see me. My breast keeps getting uncovered, enticingly. I wear a big yellow and black hat. It's too big and slides down over my eyes. It's says, "Think big" on it. I take it off. (71 words)
#0721 (1985-03-28)

Another person and I are on a raft in a wildly raging waterway. Several times we go under strong waves and cough and sputter back up. I am afraid! I look ahead and see it's much worse. Someone decides it's too hard for me and takes me off the raft and shuttles me to the side water. I look and we're all going to be overwhelmed with a big wave. I am less capable without my raft and feel anger at the interfering person. We are under for a long time! Holding breaths. Finally come out of it o.k. (99 words)
#0722 (1985-03-28)

Two marine corps type brothers and I have polio and walk funny. Someone says there's not much they can do. I say to my brothers, "Oh yes, there is. We can swim." I have Canadian crutches and we hobble to an enormous swimming pool. It's empty. Someone turns on sprinklers. I say, "Quit kidding around," then the pool fills up and we strongly swim many laps. Some snotty rich guy tells one of my brothers he has to get back to work. I tell him go away. We have rich parents to support us. We don't have to work. (99 words)
#0723 (1985-03-29)

One farmer has all the water and grows lush veggies and food. We all have to pay him. I decide to go talk to him and reason with him. People laugh at me. I go there and say, "I'd like some of your water." He stares at me, shocked by my foolishness or courage. I don't know which. He laughs. Now I'm in trouble! He's going to make it hard on me. My "husband" and I try to farm our land. I come home to find all the windows opened and our food dumped out of the fridge. I am angry and call "Mr. Scott" up on the phone. A man answers and I ask for Mr. Scott. He says he's not home. I say, "Then let me talk to Mrs. Scott." He says, "Which one? The first one?" This is somehow important information I wasn't supposed to know. I leave a message. I tell him that this time of rule is nearly over. We are gathering strength and he will be over thrown. The tides go in and the tides go out. All I have to do is wait and then he will be out. (196 words)
#0724 (1985-03-30)

I am cleaning out a refrigerator. I tell Howard that I'll do the house work stuff for the first two days of spring vacation and then I'll write for the rest of the time. He starts an argument about how I spoiled some sales of our furniture. He lectures me on how much each expensive piece of furniture cost him. I go to the table and set it for the children. They are noisy and hide the glasses. I wonder why I'm doing the housewife mother job again. I think, "I don't like this." (94 words)
#0726 (1985-04-01)

I am tired and get up. I go into a common dining room. I see eggs frying and get a spatula to turn them over. They break and are difficult. Co-worker Juliet gets a very long handled spatula and does it. Sheila J and I talk. Mabel tells me my dress is on inside out. She says she'll stay with me for awhile. I say, "Great! Let's ride horses." She groans. I say, "Just for 15 minutes." She reluctantly agreed. I wonder why I want to; it's silly. Juliet asks what language class I'm taking from Sheila J. I say French and change it to poetry. I try to explain to Sheila why I'll be absent for the first week because of the counselor work schedule. (126 words)
#0727 (1985-04-02)

Tyler and Jerome are in a bedroom together. They are breaking up, arguing and upset. I interrupt them because Grandma Mildred has requested shaving equipment so she can shave Grandpa Lloyd. I ask if I can borrow one from them. They are very annoyed with me and glare, but Tyler gives me his mug and straight razor. I am concerned if Grandma can use it safely. (66 words)
#0728 (1985-04-06)

I am in the M City house. Snow is all over the floor. A lump is in the center. It may be my Mexican ceramic cat all covered with snow. I look up at the walls. They have been stripped and new wallpaper is going up. I explain to someone that my mother has decided to wall paper. I comment that I prefer paint. I don't like wall paper, but oh well! (72 words)
#0729 (1985-04-08)

A long journey through the night. At one point, I am in the back seat of the car, and no one is driving. We nearly hit a parked car! I crawl over the seat to get into the driver's seat. I feel tired and sluggish. I drive. We arrive at a cafe, like 5th street market, counter culture hippie haven. Raul is there. He came with me and immediately finds another woman to flirt with. I keep moving back into a corner, looking all around me. I see Raul lie down with the woman. They are going to make love, right in front of me. I feel hurt, angry. I don't say anything, I just think, "Don't you dare make love to her!" I see charming, bearded men; they don't see me. I keep backing into the corner, my hand covering the vagina area. (144 words)
#0730 (1985-04-08)

The next morning, no sleep. Raul, his woman, Bonnie and I go to a hotel room. I am very tired. I want to sleep, but first I want to go to the bathroom. I go into one of 3 small bathrooms. I can't get my pants down. I call Bonnie and she helps. First, we peel off the bathing suit bottom. It is tight and painful. Then the regular panties and then the pampers diapers. Raul comes by and I'm embarrassed. He'll see the diaper. It comes off. Again, I'm backed into a corner, my hand shielding the genital area. Raul goes into the next bathroom and sits on the toilet. I can see his long legs sassily crossed over from under the curtain. He lifts the curtain up and smiles at me. I see a bathtub with hot water waiting. I say, "Is that a hot bath?" He says, "Yes. Why don't you join me?" I sigh and say, "I just think I might." Bonnie warns me not to. I would love to just relax in the tub with Raul's arms around me. Then some men walk in, looking for me. I crouch down into my corner again. A man tells me they need my help. His friend had a shooting accident and is going blind, but he wants to be a race car driver. The man is embarrassed and hides. I see his glasses with a bullet hole through it. I tell him, "If that's what he wants, then go for it. Do it! Find a way to make it work!" (263 words)
#0732 (1985-04-10)

I see a beautiful woman laying on a gravel island. I then go to the top apartment where a very rich man lives. I think no one is home, so I sneak in and peek out the window. It is clear that the view is perfect for seeing the girl on the beach. Suddenly I am aware that he is still there. I lay down behind the couch, between it and the window, and hide. The rich guy and Jerome walk back and forth, standing very close and caressing. It's a very intimate relationship. Jerome goes to the window to look at the girl. He is standing too close to me. I am afraid he'll discover me. The rich man laughed seductively and teases Jerome about his gift to him (the sexy-looking girl). Jerome and the rich guy stand near the couch and kiss. I am afraid I'll sneeze or cough and they will find me. Then Jerome's wife comes in. She is shocked. She tries to eat a few potato chips Jerome has in a snack bag. He won't share. She's upset and pleads. "You won't even share food." Suddenly Jerome, leaning on the couch, sees me. He's angry and starts to kick me. I growl, "Don't you dare kick me." He stops. Then I pretend to have passed out behind the couch from the water drink which was really vodka. I pretend to be very drunk! They are suspicious and finally believe me. I escape. (247 words)
#0733 (1985-04-10)

I am preparing to leave on my space ship but first I need to go to the bathroom. I find a room, I shut the door and curtains in the window. It won't shut completely. I lay down on a bench to shit in a diaper because I can't find a toilet. Just at that moment, a line of people peek into the window to say goodbye to me. I am embarrassed. Jerome says goodbye. Then the door opens and Mitch R comes in and sits on my belly and we kiss. I like him and enjoy the kiss but am uncomfortably aware of the shit in my diaper. I get up. Mitch leaves. I clean up and put on my space helmet. I try to lock the door. It won't lock. A man helps me. I try to turn on a radio to hear the countdown. Mitch says it's best to hear it from the PA system. We linger over goodbyes. It feels nice to be with him. (169 words)
#0735 (1985-04-13)

I am drawing a seating arrangement where the helpers are at the heads of the tables. Then it's time to go to classes. I try to find the Crafts room #12. I find #13 and discover it is upstairs. I peek and it is a wood-working class. I get out of my wheelchair and walk up. The teacher suggests I don't take any other classes this term, only focus on this one. I suggest maybe I'll take ceramics. He disapproves. I see the lovely wood grains on a piano a student made. I see the textbook. It has music scores in it. (102 words)
#0736 (1985-04-15)

Mabel, Orville and I are picking berries. I am picking some whipped cream. Mabel says she's done. "Let's go." I'm not done, but say, "O.K." Then someone suggests we buy some more; I think that's a good idea. Mabel laughs. We go to a deli. I see Parmesan cheese, so the clerk asks me if he can help me, although he only works on alternate Tuesdays every 5 years. Mabel and Orville turn away to go. I say I want whipped cream. He changes into a red devil and says, "Then I can help you." I call M & D and they turn back. All they see is a regular clerk. (111 words)
#0738 (1985-05-08)

I see the tide come in. I don't want to go to the water, but I do. Jerome swims near me. I stay near the dock so in case I tire, I have something to hold on to. Later I go across a parking lot to get to the University. Jerome follows me. He loves me. I stand in line to pay my fee. I write a check. I have trouble gathering up all my belongings. I go to my room. Jerome is waiting for me. He looks at a scrapbook and picture of my father, another of a pig-nosed man, a valentine from Jerome where I crossed out the word "kind" from "your kind teacher." He is hurt and annoyed, but pleading. He caresses my eyelids lovingly. He tells me he was upset that I would question his choices of clerk in front of Dovre who would go to his home and tell. I said, "What should I do? Close my eyes to the truth? I can't." [BL] (168 words)
#0739 (1985-05-10)

I am choosing a gift for my "grandma." I carry lots of packages up to her room. She is a young woman and she's not feeling well. She's grumpy. She gets up out of bed, grumbling. I follow her. She goes down some stairs to a beach. There is no ocean, just a stage with a bamboo curtain. Actors come on and ask for a volunteer from the audience. She (my grandma) say, "Don't choose me!" which causes them to choose her. She groans and tells me to watch her two kids. I blow up and say, "Hey, no way," and get up and leave. I walk up the stairs and go to a room. It's a band. All the members are midgets. I play the trombone and ask if a tall person can audition. They agree. I go to the center of the band and start to play. At first I'm too breathy and struggle. One of the guys (now regular height) jostles me and I push him back. Now he respects me. I play really excellent! Jazzy and everyone is impressed. They applaud and cheer after my solo at the end. (193 words)
#0740 (1985-05-11)

I am in a performing group. We are painting the set. It takes lots of paint. When we get one set done, one of the guys moves some to make room for a moveable screen. I complain, "Hey, don't move things without asking first. We haven't any paint left." Then my boyfriend and I kiss and make out. It is very pleasant. Then it's show time. The group holds hands and runs up on stage. A guy and I tap dance and sing. It's pleasant too. (86 words)
#0742 (1985-05-28)

I am in bed with Merle. We've been sleeping together for a week. This time, he puts his arm around me and touches my breast. I feel queasy. He wants sex. I might have known this would happen. I feel like giving up and pretending for him. I am very annoyed about it. Then I say, "No." It was hard to say but I say, "I've had to do this a lot and I don't want to make love to someone when I don't feel like it." He complains and I continue to say no. (95 words)
#0743 (1985-05-30)

I'm on some journey up a mountain. I stop at a native hut and look at the pretty miniature dishes and furniture. They are fragile. When I'm ready to leave, I bow three times, touching my forehead to each of the 3 walls, then looking up at the door and saying, "Thank you." (It was a house on stilts.) Something about Paulina needing more of my attention. I seem to be unwilling to give her much. (76 words)
#0744 (1985-05-31)

I was in the woods, sort of hibernating. Ginny and Ernie came by. I picked up my money and noticed it was square and odd shapes. New money. I pulled up my tent stakes and packed. We went to a house. A "tyador" walked by out front. Ginny and Ernie built a huge, hot fire in the living room for me and 2 outside in the back yard for them. I suggested turning on the heat, but they said the fires were better. (83 words)
#0746 (1985-06-01)

I am a sort of secretary to Howard and his friend Bob H. Howard tells me that an old Uncle, general, has requested me. I refuse to work for the old guy. I pout. I gather up my memory scrapbook (high school) and run. I am in a school. As soon as I'm out of the room, I turn left and round a corner. I hide in a locker. They run past me, looking for me. I am hugging my scrapbook, hoping I don't get locked in accidentally. Later, I go back into the school room. There are grass clippings on the desk. I clean them up sulkily not looking at Howard or Bob as they try to convince me. Later, it's time to go. I'm told which of Lydia's girls are sitting in the back with me. (138 words)
#0748 (1985-06-03)

I am in a class. We are seated in a circle. I'm in a wheelchair. It's in the doorway. It keeps rolling back out of the room. I have all my homework done. It's on my lap. It's photos of me and photos of Dwight etc., painted to look like oil paints. The male instructor is hurrying, packing up his materials as he lectures. The class is over too soon. We didn't get to my stuff. I am disappointed. Chip comes up to me asks if I had a hard time doing the homework. I say, "Oh no. You have to remember, I teach this stuff." I then wonder why I lied to him. I head for the parking lot, following my parents. They are taking me home. I look down at the ground. The daisies or dandelions are twitching. I am concerned. Why are they twitching like that? It's not normal. (152 words)
#0749 (1985-06-03)

Tyler and I are seated comfortably on a couch by a window semi-lying together. I am telling him poignantly about how my physical condition keeps getting worse right before my eyes. He touches my hand sympathetically. Mabel and Tyler are talking and I'm listening, while I lazily eat strawberries. Mabel is trying to get Tyler to help her by covering for her. She's promising to be there on time. Tyler is squirming because he wants to be helpful and he knows she'll be late. They are quietly arguing. He has straw on him and she is globbing whipped cream on him while she is talking. I feel bad for them, but feel helpless and I watch. She says, "You're eating strawberries and cream." I said, "I know. I don't like them, but my body needs them. It told me to eat them." (142 words)
#0751 (1985-06-03)

Some guy gets me a 3 day job editing TV news. I'm very excited. This is a great honor. He gave me a book with a note written in it. The note was in Spanish. He asked if I needed help. I said no, even though I was unsure. I start to work. The guy is always around. He is romantically interested in me. We float to the Antarctica on Icebergs that melt as we go. We barely make it before they melt away. We rescue equipment and light a kerosene lamp to warm us up. We landed at a camp where shelter is already dug. We go in. It is necessary to throw out a small black and yellow bird that had traveled with us. I protest, " It will freeze." They'd throw him out and he'd fly back in. Once he landed on my hand, quite flat and exhausted. I felt sorry for him. They let him stay. My daughter drives too fast and I yell at her to slow down. She does. I tell her she is grounded for 24 hours because if I hadn't made her slow down, her passenger would have been squashed, nothing but her eyes bugging out, up in a corner. Then I'm told that people who are job partners have to sleep together -- all in one room. I am shocked. (229 words)
#0752 (1985-06-08)

I am putting forms on tractor feed into a machine. It's all set to go and I turn it on. It goes fast, spitting out the paper. It won't stop. So I turn if off. It won't stop, so I unplug it. It still won't stop. I look closely and see another wire attached to the wall socket. I'm afraid to undo it, because I'll get hurt. I finally pull it from the wall. The machine stops. Then the room changes. Long halls grow out, covered with parquet wood design. The Queen of Hearts is coming. I must run. As I run down the hall, I notice I'm wearing sexy black stage entertainer clothes. I see a stage, with musicians there. I go out on stage, to the mike. I remember that Lydia and Ellie, Dovre and Paulina had come here too. I start to talk to the audience who are far away seated at tables. I say, "Everyone get up and go to the dance floor." Most do. I say, "Your only excuse is if you're dead, and I don't mean dead drunk!" They laugh. I turn to the musicians, "Hit it boys, some hot boogie." They play (piano, drums, bass, etc.) Boogie, I start singing and it's good. Ellie and another woman join in, 3 part harmony. It's great. Audience loves it, I love it, except I want to do it solo. I tell Ellie and other woman to go away and I sing ballad. It's great. (249 words)
#0754 (1985-06-12)

I am sitting on a couch, watching my friends act in a skit that my daughters wrote. A 60's type bearded man is so into his part about being sad about war that he's crying as he acts. He's very good! The skit was tacky but the way he performed was excellent. As he is crying, I hear the most beautiful chord music coming from the cathedral across the street. The red stained glass windows flow. I make a small joke. I say "My friends, the angels." The music is so beautiful! (92 words)
#0755 (1985-06-13)

A man comes running up to me asking if Dovre was home because he needed her keys. He was from her work. I went into the house to look. I couldn't find the keys. I shrugged my shoulders at him. Pat comes up to me, I'm sitting in my wheelchair. He hesitates. I open out my arms and invite him to sit on my lap. He smiles happily and sits. I hug him and he hugs me. It's a very nice warm camaraderie feeling. He says he didn't know I permitted this. Some kids are singing nearby. The guy who wanted the keys and two of his friends as a joke get on their knees and bow down in front of me, laughing. We were all good friends, and having fun. (131 words)
#0758 (1985-06-14)

I'm in a car. A bad man with a gun tells me to drive. He has the gun in my sides. I feel helpless, paralyzed, afraid. He's going to kill me. He has a bag full of millions of dollars. I kill him, so that he won't kill me. We are in the South American jungle. Then I decide to take the money. I run, fearful that someone will find out and too greedy to give the money up. Trapped in a life of fear by my own greed. (89 words)
#0760 (1985-06-15)

I am walking along. I see a cute guy in a wheelchair; he's a low level quad in a manual. He invites me to sit on his lap. I do so. We laugh and enjoy hugging and being close. Someone else comes by and says they need the chair. I am upset. How rude. He needs the chair and I need this nice warm connection. I get out. It's over. I cry and cross the bridge alone. (77 words)
#0761 (1985-06-16)

Heidi, my brother Dwight's daughter, is a 2 or 3 month old baby. I am holding her. She is sleeping on my shoulder. We are walking in a busy shopping street. I call to my daughter Dovre to come on now because I see some tough guys and I remember it is night. We might be in danger. I start to walk away. One of the guys calls my name, "B." I am surprised as I don't know him. But I am no longer frightened. I turn and go back and talk to him. His brother was at the community college. That's how he knew me. He sort of smiles knowingly, a slight sneer because he knew that I thought he was trouble. (123 words)
#0762 (1985-06-16)

I am driving through Grants Pass. I stop at a cheap run-down house to visit Marci. After our visit, we drive on. I miss a turn looking for I-5. Dylan says, "It's o.k. because this way will get us there." We are driving through ritzy uptown area. Dylan comments on the difference from Marci's area. (55 words)
#0764 (1985-06-16)

I am in a house in Mexico. I see my father. He speaks Spanish! I help repair a hole in the wall with margarine as plaster. It looks pretty and I show it off. I go next door to the room I'm staying in and pick up my mail. Lots of cards and pretties from Chinese and other foreign people I had befriended before. I think, "It's a good deal to make friends with foreigners." (75 words)
#0766 (1985-06-18)

There's a fire midship. (I'm captain of a naval vessel.) I'm quite huge. The ship is like a toy. I'm standing in the ocean like I'm in a swimming pool. I cup my hands and splash water onto the fire while I yell at my crew "to get their butts over there and now!" We exchange two little over to another boat in the fleet. They weren't getting along. Good riddance. I gave up a pretty white kitty too. Her mama had died, so we couldn't take care of her. (90 words)
#0767 (1985-06-18)

Darryl and I were in a car, in Mexico. The car broke down. It was a red Impala "Scat wagon." He went for help. I stayed in the car with the baby. She was so cute. I was feeding her milk from a bottle and cooing over her. I took the car to a garage. I got out and sat in a manual wheelchair on the sidewalk, holding the baby. I was a little annoyed at all the inconvenience. Darryl came back, only he is Arthur now. (87 words)
#0768 (1985-06-19)

Patricia and I are getting married. I gather up bottles of nail polish, pink gloves and lace. We go to the church. Someone glances at my drooping version of my lavender wedding dress. My mother says out of the corner of her mouth, "Well, I bought it from a 63-year-old woman, what do you expect?" She's a little embarrassed. I follow Patricia up the aisle, which is to the left of the audience, which are all seated in an empty swimming pool wearing lace veils. I get to the pulpit and get the microphone. I have an announcement. I tell the audience that we waited for my groom. Three or four minutes after the wedding was supposed to start, I got a telegram telling me he's not coming. "It's o.k.," I say, "enjoy Patricia and Terence's wedding." (137 words)
#0769 (1985-06-23)

The African bees are coming! We start taping up the windows frantically. We have to make the house secure! A fat butt man keeps going outside to see if they are coming. We ask him not to, it's too dangerous! He keeps breaking the taped seal around the screen door. We call and call to no avail. We have to lock him outside. Everyone in California had been evacuated. They start spraying. The bees are huge and black. They are coming. It's something like having a "DADDY" for a daddy and Marilyn Monroe for a mommy. It's sad. [BL] (98 words)
#0770 (1985-06-25)

I am a teacher and a mother. I have a young good-looking son. I am at Aunt Elaine's house, sort of. I'm sleeping, naked, the sheets just barely covering me. My son comes in to wake me up. Someone says to him, "How can you do that? Aren't you turned on by her?" He says, "Yeah," but I'm his mother, so he doesn't do anything about it. I get up. I am arguing with our boss because I can only use the materials at hand to teach with and all we have are tissue paper and glitter. I pick up a blue round thing and toss it aside. I need books, updated material, etc. Our boss says what we have is sufficient and use it! (125 words)
#0771 (1985-06-25)

Later I'm trying to show a film to my fellow teachers. It is 12:30 and I apologize for keeping them from their lunch, but it is important that they see how bad the material is. I can't get it to load up right; the "Brain to Brain" section is interfering. (50 words)
#0773 (1985-07-03)

I was on my way to the library to do research. I had a baby with me. I kept reminding myself that I could have him for 2 hours, but not to worry because I could have him again another day. I went into a public restroom because I had to go pee. I kept saying, "It's o.k., this isn't a dream. This is really a bathroom." It was crowded and dirty. Finally, I left. Another woman was with me. We started dancing down the carpeted ramp. I was wearing black high heels and hit them rhythmically on the walls, etc. as part of the dance. At the bottom of the ramp, I bumped into a man that was walking by because I couldn't stop in time. He laughed and joined in, sort of. (134 words)
#0774 (1985-07-04)

I was cleaning up a room. There were lots of boxes and junk all over. Someone interrupts me, wanting me to be on their side. Some big guy with policemen and tough guys on his side was harassing my side. I stood up to him, feeling afraid. My friends were afraid and hung back. I insulted him. I said he only had one ball. I chanted, "We're winners and you are losers." (72 words)
#0775 (1985-07-07)

I was seated in the movie theatre room of a house. The pink net and chiffon curtain opened and the movie started. We were looking at the waves of a river as if we were partly underwater. The waves came in and we were under, the waves would recede and we'd be above water. The PA system invited anyone who wanted to, to swim on in and get to see the backstage workings of the movie. So I swam and swam and found myself on the bank of the river. I sat down on a white wrought iron sofa and the lecture began. A voice said that ironic though it was, they would show us the movie on TV screens so we won't miss out. Then this guy stood near a conveyor belt and created sound effects and so on. Once he showed us how he and a small kid that looked like a white curly-haired dog, would join in the action of the movie. Some sinister thing slunk through a blue velvet curtain. (174 words)
#0776 (1985-07-09)

I'm on stage with "The Birds." My voice is back. At first I'm in the audience pretending to play a piano on the table while my father played a real piano on stage. Then I got up on stage and sang and acted, ending with a fake, but pretty good attempt to play the piano. My father and I went together, holding hands to take a bow. (67 words)
#0777 (1985-07-10)

I am a teacher and a woman student complains to me that my cousin Willie's harassing (sexually) the woman students. I am struggling with trying to keep the grade book straightened out. I call Willie over and tell him to stop. He sneers. He's a relative. I tell him it won't protect him. (53 words)
#0778 (1985-07-10)

I'm in a house. I notice the ocean or some huge body of water is rising. I leave the house to look. I have several babies with me. When the water touches us, we are unable to break away. The water gets one of the babies and I have a hold of its feet and pull hard. I manage to save it and then must struggle to save myself. I manage and walk toward safer land. I lay the babies (3 of them) on a chair under a tree and call to Lydia to watch them, saying to the littlest baby, "We'll just have to see her." I go back to save things: a suitcase of clothes, books, my writing. I vaguely feel guilty because I'm only getting my stuff. I send Lydia in to get hers. (137 words)
#0779 (1985-07-13)

Something's in the air. A change. Someone goes by saying, "Let's eat. Where's the grass?" Someone else laughs. That's all past. No more, meager veggie meals. Now it's meat! A man approaches a woman and offers her two fat volumes of some books and an empty baby seat if she'll make him a baby. People are making babies all over now because they feel strong and vital after so long. I am handed my plate. I am aghast. There is a live little brown furry animal on my plate, already garnished and cooked. "I refuse to eat live food," I say, quite disgusted and upset. Someone offers to cut it and chew it for me so it won't seem so horrible. I refuse. Then there is dancing. An energetic old white-haired man in a tweed suit claims me for the dance. I feel his strength and vitality. I smile shyly. He wants to kiss. (154 words)
#0780 (1985-07-14)

It's Christmas and we are going to open our gifts, so we go to the ocean shore line. I think, "Oh, it will be unpleasant in the cold water, but only at first." Then we move a gold railroad track off center. We build a bonfire on the beach. It will be more comfortable there. Before this, there were little leaping lizards that I didn't like. I had someone pick it up and put it on the bread board. There were worms there for it to eat. I wondered why I didn't put it in the drawer beneath it. (99 words)
#0781 (1985-07-15)

The front lawn as well as the ocean is black and the waves are high and have white caps. I see the silhouetted figure of Ernie outside; he's waiting for me. He's going to splash me, as a joke. I go to the front window. He's there. I run to the back windows. He's there. I sneak out. He and some of his friends gather around me and get serious. They want to drown me. I fell. Now I'm on a train, holding a baby. A woman on my right likes babies and adjusts the blanket so she can see him better. I say, "Pretty clever, having a reversible blanket so you can always see him." The train is racing through the mountains. It's more like a roller coaster ride. (130 words)
#0782 (1985-07-16)

I am an old soul, one that's almost done with lives on this planet. There are two young souls, men who are in relationships with me. They insist, it's part of this life's lesson. One is a good housekeeper and very supportive of me. I feel a little guilty that I don't care for him as intensely as he cares for me. The other is like Burt Reynolds. His room is covered, including the floor, with colorful posters of himself. I put up with them, like they are puppies and I'm an old dog. (94 words)
#0785 (1985-07-18)

I am in a small cabin. It's so small, it's like a dressing booth or stall. Hank is in there with me. I get a phone call. It's a client. She asks me if I've had any boating experiences. I tell her about my Acapulco cruise. Hank is smiling at my stories. I then ask her if she's thinking of boating. She says yes, she's thinking of joining the Navy. That was why she called, to talk over that decision. Hank had tidied up a few papers off my cot. He gets up to leave. I feel surprised that I like him. Then I go to get in an elevator. I was looking for my guy but I can't find him and it's important to leave here. In the elevator, I see up in the sky a helicopter. It's air draft is rattling the elevator. I get out and run. (150 words)
#0787 (1985-07-19)

I am at a conference. I dance to the music played by a piano and a violin, performed by a doctoral student. I sit in the lobby and ask a man if I can see his agenda. He hands papers to me, but I can't find their agenda. I complain to someone that going to conferences when you have arthritis is hard. It's tiring enough for regular people, all the meetings and the late night socializing too. Some guy and I like each other. Another guy tries to butt in. He insults my guy sarcastically saying, "What do you have in common, the same salary bracket?" implying he's lower than me and not acceptable. I insult the guy back. I need help. A man who killed my baby is after me. I ask an older man to help. He says sure, we'll work just like the E City Brigade. We hid in a square room and when the man approached, I shot him in the eye with a wooden thing. (170 words)
#0789 (1985-07-21)

I am at Grandma Mildred's funeral. Someone is explaining the story of my book about Maudie. She says good (Mildred) and I say, "Oh I don't know, maybe I'll write you naked and dancing!" She is on her back and says, "It would make me crawl in my grave." I see her moving. There is a strong sense of camaraderie and teasing. She seems pleased that I wrote the book. (70 words)
#0790 (1985-07-21)

I am trying on clothes, looking for the right outfit to go out with this guy. Nothing fits and it all looks tacky. My purple slacks don't look good, too informal. Ellie comes in then with her prom dress on a hanger. I suggest I borrow it. I put it on. It's a bit tight. It's multi-colored with big cloth roses on the hem. [BL] (64 words)
#0791 (1985-07-21)

A pregnant woman goes outside and trips and falls. A man helps her up. She is worried she's created a problem for the baby. I suggest we trade doctor's appointments. She agrees and goes to see Dr. A, a rheumatologist. I go to see her doctor. The nurse listens to my story and says, "No way." I point out that I had seen this doctor before. It would be o.k. A man looks at my files and says my duodenal system looks pretty. It's clear. I say, "I know. It's this other part that's not working." (96 words)
#0792 (1985-07-24)

Abner and I are going to play a game. A sleek cat hops up into my arms and is very friendly. She puts her paws around my neck and hugs me. I feel very happy. "She's hugging me," I tell Abner and my mother, in surprise. I want to spend time with my cat. Abner feels a little hurt, so I reluctantly put the cat down. (66 words)
#0793 (1985-07-24)

Some women decide I can look better and fix me up with a pair of sandals (like Birkenstocks) with special heel imprints so I can walk easily and a pair of jeans. I look real cute and sexy. I step outdoors. A man (Lee from Uni house) likes me and asks me to dance. It's a slow dance and it is very sensual. He holds me close and nibbles on my neck. I giggle and say, "Stop it." The music stops. He doesn't let go, saying, "Let's wait for the next song." I disengage myself from his arms. Another man wants to dance. It's a fast dance. I start to dance and he disappears. I continue dancing, enjoying it. There are mud puddles. I splash through. [BL] (126 words)
#0794 (1985-07-25)

I am teaching a sexuality class. Three double beds are lined up on the left side of the classroom. I am somewhat annoyed because it crowds the space. The students come in and I ask them to line up the chairs, making room for them to sit. After class, one of the male students follows me, curious about what I do in my off hours. I go up an elevator to find my office. I wave hello to several male colleagues. Bonnie and I start walking to the parking lot to go home. Very prosaic. (95 words)
#0795 (1985-07-26)

Because of a fluke, the royal succession was changed to the King George and Clara line, sometime back in history. A brother or cousin of the king likes me and makes me a member of a court group. I join them for lunch. They don't like me and snub me. They give me and my daughter chairs that are too short for the table. We laugh and try to be charming about it. They put something called "wigglies" on my plate, live creatures in a hollandaise sauce. Yuck! (88 words)
#0796 (1985-07-27)

A couple of Viet vets that are very well trained have to take out a bunch of us civilian non-trained types on a mission. They are upset because our lack of training could get us or them killed. We enter the enemy camp. I run and hide in a corner when people come by. The teachers can't see me, but the students can. I follow a guy and ask him if he'd mind answering a few questions. He's suspicious, but agrees. I ask him if there could be peace between them (the Arabs) and the Israelis. He say, "No!" I write his quote on the palm of my hand, "The pain is --- we are different. Our high schools differ." I ask him if I can borrow a piece of paper to take notes on. He says yes and tells me I should have come prepared. [BL] (146 words)
#0797 (1985-07-27)

A family reunion. I eat a chocolate sugar piece. It's delicious. I worry it will start up my irregular heart beat. I have to climb a high ladder to sit on top to await the reunion. I am scared of heights. Dora and I sit. Someone comes by and says Willie/Dwight is an alcoholic and is very drunk, maybe dead. (60 words)
#0798 (1985-07-28)

I am captured from my home planet by a powerful sort of wonder woman. I am afraid and miss my boyfriend Tex very much. I am weak. She's coming up at me from a manhole. She's huge and powerful and scares me nearly motionless. Then I somehow realize she is so big she has to be fake, and in fear my fear had flapped my arms and discovered that I could fly. I became powerful. I called out to the women in the planet to fight for their freedom. They were lethargic and didn't know what freedom was. Whenever I felt strong, she would talk about Tex. I would become homesick for him and lose my strength. (117 words)
#0799 (1985-07-28)

I am walking down the street and it begins to rain. So I go back to the house. It is a huge house. I see my mother sitting in the kitchen and tell her I'm going to my room. She tells me to take the other stairs. We walk through a laundry room. I look up at the stairs and say, "My goodness! Look at all those stairs!" They are wide and lots of them. I go to a room. Then I see a large play car in the hall. I go to my brother's room. They ask my advice about the needlework they are doing. It's for Rochelle's wedding, but they heard maybe she's not getting married. Should they do the "A" or not? It's a beautiful picture of a bride with an ornate initial in blue threads. I don't really offer any answer. I return to the room and start unpacking. I put my yellow nylon nightie in the top drawer of a dresser. Then I decide to leave. A man says, "O.k., clean up and repaint the walls." I refuse to repaint saying, "I could understand it if I'd been there a few days, but how dirty can it get in a few hours?" I leave; they are shocked. Rochelle complains. (214 words)
#0800 (1985-07-30)

A tiger cub runs into the room playfully. It rolls over on its back to get its tummy scratched. I notice it looks like basset hound in the face. There is a map with lights and labels on its chest. I point out where he comes from. I question if there really are tigers on tropical islands. (57 words)
#0801 (1985-07-30)

Someone asks me if we have a hay compressor. At first I say no and then I remember we do have one. I ask some questions about what she means. Then I say we have one. She can ask my father or grandpa Clyde if she can use it. She is shy and doesn't want to ask them. I shrug my shoulders thinking, "Too bad, she's going to miss out." (70 words)
#0802 (1985-08-09)

I am an ex-con running from a Mafia boss. I'm driving a stolen mob car, black and fast. I am panicked, trying to elude them, speeding past the cars on the freeway. I see a dirt road and squeal on to it quickly. I hide in the trees. I see them slow up and look for me. I see a cotton men's plaid shirt tacked to a tree. They leave, I escape in a roll of dust. Now I am swimming in a terribly treacherous white water river. I barely make it after crashing over a water fall. I creep up over the bank to safety. I go back to the prison and sneak down the stairs hoping no one sees me. I see chickens in the cells. I make it to the front office and bravely walk straight for the front door. No one stops me. I stop myself and ask them if they remember me. The guard resting on a bunk is surprised. So is the woman clerk. I hear the news that if I don't qualify for a boxing match by 3:00 that day, I'll be locked up forever. I am trapped. I get on my knees and beg the guard to take the necessary papers over so I can qualify in proxy. I weep passionately. He relents and goes. Then a pox from mice sweeps the prison and all the inmates turn to shorn sheep. If I can't get out in time for the match, I'm doomed. One of the sheep baaing notices I haven't changed. I point out that I must have had it before or am immune. [BL] (273 words)
#0803 (1985-08-19)

I am a teacher. One of my high school students likes me and cuddles up, trying to persuade me to also be romantic with him. I smile and decline. I then am in a car. I see the bad guys on their property and sneak in. I see kids on drugs. I escape to my house. A detective partner of mine shows up. I look for my message written on a bulletin board-like thing. (74 words)
#0804 (1985-08-21)

I am a maid of honor at a wedding. The colors are black and white. A black curvaceous 1950's dress and long white veil. I walk up the aisle and notice the groom isn't there. He then enters from a side door. Part of the ceremony is for the groom to describe the future. He's a little embarrassed. He takes his ribbons and artfully waves them around and tells how they will be married for a number of years and then he'll fall in love with another woman and leave. He shrugs his shoulders and looks sheepish. He asks her if she's willing to continue, knowing that. She says yes. The bouquets are black flowers and ribbons. The next step of the ceremony is for everyone to light a small candle and, while singing, put their flame into the common or larger flame of the bride. I light my candle and follow the bride, singing, realizing with embarrassment that the song is "Rashneeshee" and my parents are probably shocked. I like the symbolism of all our little lights coming together in one large light. I drip my candle wax in the bowl. She smiles and points out it made a crooked pattern. [BL] (202 words)
#0806 (1985-09-06)

I am eating some food at Aunt Elaine's. Unexpectedly, there are two more guests. There isn't enough food. A man drops in. He asks to see some pictures I took with my camera. He's looking for beautiful women. I show him pictures of an open air zoo in Roseburg. A beautiful wildcat leaps out and becomes alive. He runs outside. Howard tries to catch him. I am a little concerned. Will it be hurtful? Will other photos come alive? I find more pictures. (83 words)
#0807 (1985-09-06)

I have a gun. Two bad guys and their woman boss chase me. I grab one guy and hold him underwater and let him up for a few seconds of air. His buddy has a bandaid box with air and tries to get it to him. I pinch a nerve in his hand and break his hold. They give up and I march them to their boss. Then I see a lot of people lining up for a "group shot," a photo, and I realize they are going to be shot dead. My parents, myself. I run screaming and crying. I choose a bunny rabbit to curl into bed with me and I pet it and cry and cry. (119 words)
#0808 (1985-10-30)

Something male and dark is chasing me. A small boy, possibly my brother or someone I'm babysitting is on my back. I must protect him too. I run out of the house and up a tree, carrying the boy. His arms are wrapped tightly around me. As I climb up a rope to the tree, I see a huge black panther rushing out at me. Now I'm even in worse danger. I turn and run back toward the house with the panther hot on my trail. I run in and try to slam the door shut. I can't because the panther's claws are in my arm. I pull his claws out of my skin. It is painful. I force his paws back and then I slam the door shut on his front legs. I know this will hurt the panther, but I have no choice. I put the boy down and go to the window. I lay on a mattress and look up to the sky. I see a full moon and a cherub baby asleep on a cloud, or like the decals on my dresser that my mother put there when I was little. It looks like a child's book illustration, all cutesy. Suddenly I know that my mother is dead. I sob and sob my grief. I feel sorry I never really tried to get to know her. I am inconsolable. My crying wakes Ellie and Paulina who come to me and hug me. Ellie hugs me from behind. I feel her strong arms around my chest. I am at first sorry I woke them and then glad of their support. (I wake up hearing my grieving wails and thankfully realize it was a dream. It was so real.) (291 words)
#0809 (1985-11-20)

I am sleeping with my mother. She hesitatingly puts her arms around me in a hug. I am touched. How sweet and I realize how hard this gesture is for her. Even though it is hard for me, I pat her arm and permit the affectionate embrace. Even as I relax into the niceness of it, my mother's head slips down and down and I become aware that she intends to have oral sex with me. I am frozen with shock. She starts and I push her head gently away. Ellie comes into the room and starts talking to me. With immense relief, my mother is gone. I look up above my head on the way and see shoes and purses and lots of things precariously perched and ready to tumble down on me. I ask Ellie to help move some of the things. I still feel disgusted at what had happened with my mother. [BL] (155 words)
#0810 (1985-11-28)

I am back at school. There is a pile of my stuff on a table and I'm trying to pack it all up so I can take it home in one trip. Carob chips, Lily Tomlin book, children's books, papers, etc. I feel tired and wonder if I can manage it all. I feel tired of always taking it all at once. I try to figure out how many classes I have left to take. It is never clear. I think I'm majoring in journalism. (85 words)
#0811 (1985-12-06)

I see a boat on the ocean floor. Then I am getting on a boat just like it. I notice the plastic cover has holes in it. I think, "That's not good. How can I save myself with bad equipment I haven't kept in repair?" Then I'm on a boat. Nate (sort of Rock Hudson) swoons in my arms. He is very large and heavy and stiff. I try to drag him over to a sofa. I lie on him, hugging him. Milk is pouring down the hole to where the crew is below deck. One crewman looks out and sees they are near the dock. (106 words)
#0812 (1985-12-06)

I am going to join a crew to help repair the Brooklyn Bridge. I have to go down a ladder. The first step is very long. I back off saying, "That first step is too hard for me." I feel sad because I shall have to give up. Then I look again and see that even if I fall, the ground is fairly close, so I decide to try it. It won't hurt so bad if I fall. I make it just fine, stepping on a moving seat for balance. Then I see a woman in the crew playing classical music on her shiny bassoon-like horn. A man is challenged and interested. He directs his jazz band. Battle of the bands. They square off. (124 words)
#0814 (1985-12-16)

A grandfather comes into the room. He announces that the results of the test shows that his grandson's spine will never grow to be normal. He must kill him. He raises a meat cleaver to kill him. I protest. I say, "Wait. That's not right. He can have a good life even if he doesn't grow up physically normal." The old man doesn't listen to me. He starts hacking away at the kid. I can't see it, but I can hear it. It is grisly. The old man lifts up the severed bloody head by the hair and shows it to me. The boy's face is all screwed up, registering pain and shock. He puts the head, which is dripping clots of blood, on the table. The facial expression has changed to a smiling face. The boy's spirit is free to play and race around, having fun. I see things move and the door open and close like a wind coming through. (162 words)
#0815 (1985-12-16)

I am in danger of being shot by some guy. I call out to Bonnie to come here because I want to talk to her. She's busy and ignores me as she talks to someone else. I pace restlessly, noticing I am passing windows that look out over a forested (jungle) area. I suddenly realize that I can protect myself. I don't have to wait for Bonnie. I put my back to a solid wall. (75 words)
#0816 (1986-04-29)

Cary Grant is in a bar and he is quite drunk. (I spell his first name Gary.) A good looking, middle-aged man attempts to seduce him. Cary warms to him at first until he realizes this is a homosexual encounter. Cary feels saddened and apologetic because he likes the guy, but can't involve himself sexually. Cary tries to escape by sneaking out of the bar. He goes next door to a restaurant. The gay man follows him. Cary sneaks through the back door only to find himself in the bar again. He opens another door and sees that it leads downstairs. He hears a dance band. He decides that's no good, he finds another door. It opens into a closet. He again goes out the front door and discovers that it is very stormy and windy outside. He looks up the street and sees a Santa Claus wagon driving by. It comes to where he is. He looks in and sees a woman semi-naked in the front seat. He asks her if he can have a ride. She helps him in. The next scene, they are at her apartment. They like each other. However, Cary has a problem. He's sick from so much drinking. He goes into the kitchen and starts throwing up. She groans and tells him to at least try for the garbage can. He tries. Now she's starting to clean up the mess on the floor, muttering to herself, "Why am I doing this!" She decides she's doing it because she likes him. (256 words)
#0821 (1986-06-21)

Some leader of a cult religion is after me. My boyfriend and I are trying to hide. We take the car into a parking garage and park it, hoping the leader's henchman, Chuck doesn't find us. We take an elevator that has a toilet and smells. Chuck sees us and follows. I have a cat. The leader grabs us and takes us to his car. We are going to go to his chapel. We escape and the cat gets away from me. Chuck goes after it and I patiently wait for him to bring it back to me. He does, but he won't give it to me! I am angry because I realize I'd been too stupid, trusting him. I have to follow him because I love my cat. My boyfriend has to come, because he loves me. We get inside and sit at the back, just to the right of the door. It's like bleachers. I see Dora and am looking for Lucy. My boyfriend goes down to the stage and does a satirical song making fun of the religion. The audience is shocked and then start to "wake up" to reality. Another man gets up and warbles a crazy song. I get my cat, who keeps trying to get away. My boyfriend sees Bishop Tutu and makes fun of him. They have lost their controlling powers. He comes to get me and we walk out, past the angry, but powerless leader. (243 words)
#0822 (1986-06-22)

I am the owner of a gas station with my twin sister. I am the drudge. I work hard. Nothing seems to go right. I spill gasoline. I put in 20 gallons when he only asked for $10 worth and he won't pay the extra, in fact, he only pays $5. The cars only drive up to the first pump so I can't save time by serving two at once. I have to walk all the way to their car. My twin sister sloughs off and makes more work for me. She's the glamorous one, goes to acting school while I work to pay for it. I feel resentful. (109 words)
#0823 (1986-06-22)

I get in my hang glider and fly over the vast acres of trees and crops I own. I am very wealthy. My wife is trying to take it away from me. She's a glittery, non-caring woman, selfish. I come back. It's hard because I'm gliding against the wind. I finally make it work. She's stealing jewelry from my house. I want to kill her and prepare to do so. (70 words)
#0824 (1986-06-23)

I am in class. I hand in my photography assignment. It's a series of Xeroxed pictures. I remark to Bonnie that I hope I'm not being redundant with so many "crowd" pictures, but each one has something unique. I take it to the teacher's desk. The class is noisy and unruly. (51 words)
#0825 (1986-06-23)

I go down a flight of stairs and see a pile of scrub brushes. I drop my scrub brush on the pile (it looks exactly like my pool table brush.) The janitor gets upset and says I can't leave my brush there. I am angry and annoyed. I go down the hall with my brush and go into what used to be a classroom. It's the janitor's headquarters. I find his boss and complain about the janitor's behavior. I feel a little like a tattle tale. The boss agrees that he should have accepted my brush. (96 words)
#0826 (1986-06-23)

I go to a house. It is supposedly Jake's house. He's having a party. I take the opportunity to do a tour of the rooms: living room, a family room, two bedrooms. Jake comes in. He suggests we join the others in the boat. He and I get in a row boat with a small motor on it. I ask, "Are we going further out?" He says, "No. We're just going around the corner." We go around and head for a narrow cement chute that was filled with sand, not water. We slide down fast. I'm in the front. The front crashes on the cement barrier and curls the front of the boat up. This has improved the boat's capabilities. We get out and return to the house. Lots of people are there. Patricia is there with the Mexican Tony. They are kissing. I look around for Hector and can't find him. [BL] (152 words)
#0827 (1986-06-23)

Patricia and I go for a ride in a horse-drawn buggy. It has a top and I'd feel for the fringe on top, but no fringe. The horse trotted noisily. Patricia drove. We passed a house and Patricia said, "He's up there." I didn't know he lived here (her boyfriend). I didn't believe that it was a coincidence. We stop and she gets out and tells me to hold the reins. I do, but the horse won't mind me and keeps creeping forward, no matter how hard I pull on the reins. Then we see a big barn that has a garage sale going on inside. Now it's a small dog at the end of the long reins, dragging me around the store. I see books, videos, record sets. I ask to hear the record book and see that it is warped. I feel glad I didn't buy it sight unseen. (151 words)
#0828 (1986-06-24)

I am a teacher and I am mildly interested in one of my students. I know it's not right, so I resist. He tries to interest me. In a fit of energy, I start to clean up the room. I get a broom and sweep Toostie O's on the floor. He also starts to help. We feel good about being responsible and taking care of business before pleasure. After it's clean, we (now my daughter Dovre and the young man) laugh and frolic together. I (a mature person) am pleased with them and approve of their actions. (97 words)
#0829 (1986-06-24)

A cat hopped out of the refridge when I opened it. I say, "How did he get in there?" I notice Aunt Elaine left a bunch of miniature glass knickknacks out on the counter. I start to put them back in the cupboard. I see a movie video on the wall. It's a man floating in raging muddy waters and talking like a travelogue monologue. (65 words)
#0830 (1986-06-25)

I am in a long room with a row of windows. I hear a noise and look out the window. A huge wave is rushing down the street. I slam the shutters to the window closed and the wave smacks up, getting us wet. This happens 2 or 3 more times. We'd hear the hissing sound and then the wave would smash on the window. Between waves I (without a body) go over to see the streets. I notice high water and see the red glowing lights from the nuclear reactor that went out, but is still hot. I hear a wave coming and rush back inside. Dylan and I run downstairs to better safety. We find a room with beds in it like a dormitory. I lay on top of him and we cling to each other. At first it is out of fear, but then a sexual feeling starts to build. He apologizes and I say, "No, it's o.k." I ask him if he's feeling bad for his wife. He looks sad and gently pushes me away. He suggests we just sit together. (185 words)
#0831 (1986-06-25)

I am in a bed, sleeping. My cat pops up from under the covers. My children come in (teens). We discuss my getting up. Kenneth walks through the hall. I look up to see my cat walking upside down on the ceiling. The plaster was so thick he could get his claws in. I look for my clothes and remember they are in the bedroom across the hall. I look at miniature things. (73 words)
#0832 (1986-06-25)

I am across the hall. I find a dress and a pair of undies in a dresser drawer. I hear the kids and Howard coming down the hall toward me. I look. They all march past in a single file, with dower faces on, especially Howard. He is followed by a little boy named Dwight wearing an expensive, white, embroidered shirt. Paulina tries to help me take off my shoes and knee high socks. I laugh and say, "You're not much help!" (In the previous dream with cat, I remember that I hadn't made love to my husband Howard for years. I feel a little bad and think, "Oh well, maybe I'll start." The very next thought was, "No! I won't do that!") (123 words)
#0833 (1986-06-26)

I am a young (18 years old) swimmer on a team. I am very good; I'm Olympic material, in fact. My coach and I are falling in love, but aren't yet to the stage where we can speak about it. I am jealous of his attentions to another young woman. I swim in a race and lap all the others. I am so good. In fact, I beat the male champion! I then show the governor's wife how to stand properly on the thing that we start the race from. My coach says, "So that's how you get your strength. No one else uses the stance that way." (108 words)
#0834 (1986-06-27)

My "grandparents," Katherine Hepburn and some guy, have been killing people they know and saving them in suitcases. They kill another couple and decide it's time to take all the suitcases to the dump. They do so. Some attendant keeps poking around and makes them nervous. They finally sneak the stuff into the dumpster and drive away. (57 words)
#0835 (1986-06-27)

I'm a little afraid of them. They have a son who likes me. We kiss, French kiss. He asks me if I've had a lot of men. I say, "No, I'm a virgin." He's very glad. I then notice that she has a shop in her living room -- a witch's shop with packaged spurs and so on. I need to leave. (62 words)
#0837 (1986-06-28)

A man and I are in a car. He wants to kiss me. I say, "Well, let's see how you do." He kisses me. I agree that it is pleasant and ask him to promise that if I make love to him, he won't start demanding that we do it a lot, like Howard did every night or at least every 2 nights. He agrees, but I have doubts. (69 words)
#0838 (1986-06-28)

A man offers me a present. We agree to make love and I say, "You don't have to give me a present." After we are finished, he suggests I look in the pockets of his raincoat for my present. I am relieved he still wants to give it to me. It's rhinestone jewelry. I find other presents he will give other women. I smile. (64 words)
#0840 (1986-09-16)

A man named Keith likes me and comes on sexually. I am drawn to him. Our lips nearly meet and I suddenly pull away, still wanting him but confused. I say "No. I am married." He smiles and says, "You want it; why don't we go away? There are lots of big rooms with fireplaces." I am tempted, but refuse and pull away. He starts to leave and I realize that I am not married and regret rejecting him, but it is too late. [BL] (84 words)
#0842 (1986-09-19)

I have a cave man art store, pottery, rickety wooden shelves, mud floor. It's not good enough yet, so I suddenly shift into another time dimension with my art works and wait. Then I push rock slides into the cave and time beats it into a solid rock foundation. I come back and now my store has beautiful carved items of obvious high quality. I have a pool of water that works as a mirror. People call it magic. It is still prehistoric times. I do a thriving business. Carved stone and glass leopards and statues on the shelves. (99 words)
#0843 (1986-09-22)

An Uncle is going to end it all by blowing himself up. I feel sad and then nonchalantly decide to do it myself and set the bomb for 12:00. At about 8 minutes before it's to blow up, I am quite calm but decide to not die. I am talking to my "mother-in-law" on the phone and leave her mid-sentence to stop the timer. Now I am safe. I go to see my Uncle to convince him to live. He (now my Cousin Abner) agrees and says he'll move in with me. I am delighted, although even as I'm saying there is plenty of room, I see all the beds full. Now I'm on a huge carnival ride on the top of a tall building. I am terrified. It slings me about as I cling as hard as I can. I feel sick with fear and think, "If this is adventure and fun, I don't want it." (157 words)
#0844 (1986-10-10)

Fluffy has a kitten. It keeps trying to nurse and gets taken away and put back. Finally, it is announced that the baby isn't going to make it and I must see it and say cafe. At first it is a fibrous mass and then it is a huge hard-boiled egg, sans shell. I hold it in my hands. The smooth slippery surface feels slightly icky and yet I am fascinated or drawn to it. It is the size of an ostrich egg or uterus. (85 words)
#0846 (1986-10-12)

I am at a swimming pool. I am afraid of the water. I had had a frightening and hurtful experience in the water (an attack of some sort, possibly rape). The coast has most of the swim team (24 of them) benched so I have the pool to myself. I start to swim. I am fast and enjoy it. My coach is very impressed. I am a world class champion. He marvels that I can be se good in the element where I experienced so much trauma. (87 words)
#0847 (1986-10-14)

I am sitting on a bench and trying to gather up leaves. I am going to crochet the leaves into a lovely blanket or tablecloth. The leaves will be the material I use to crochet the already done squares of intricate pattern using crochet thread. I think to myself that it is silly to do that because the dried leaves are so brittle that they will break up into thousands of little pieces and blow away. A good-looking, very friendly man sits next to me. He engages me in conversation. Each time I turn my head toward him to respond, his face is closer. He's teasing me into permitting him to kiss me. My body leans far to the left as he leans into my "space." I look over to my left, at my sister Lydia. We smile at each other like acknowledging what a bizarre situation we find ourselves in. I know I need to tell him to stop. My non-verbal messages aren't doing it, but I feel loathe to do so. Finally, he does kiss me and I gently push him, giggle and say, "Don't do that," and drop eye contact. He does stop and backs off. Now we are preparing a lunch basket. I look and all I'm getting is packages of hot dogs and left over sausages that are old and wrinkled. I remember there are nicer cuts of meat and wonder a little angrily why that wasn't evenly divided. I was getting the worst end of the deal. (253 words)
#0848 (1986-10-19)

I have a small kitten. I put some milk into a bowl for it. At first, I have trouble finding a bowl. I don't want to use the three we always use. The kitten lunges for the milk. It is so thirsty. The bowl changes into a crocheted doily and the milk sinks through. Then I see a movement like a snake moving off a chair and then I see a rat sneaking up behind the cat and it's going to bite it. I throw something at it and approach. It runs out the door. I follow and slam the door shut to scare it and then I open the door and peek around. The rat is now a man. I call out to the door guard to watch out. Another man walks up the stairs and I don't want him to go any further until he's been checked out. Then a snake-like column of smoke or fog moves through the stairs. (162 words)
#0849 (1986-10-20)

I am called to leave with Mabel and Orville. I turn at the door just before I go in and see members of the Counseling Department waving. I feel sad because the end of the world is coming and we will all die. I call out, "I love you," and turn to go. I am a little embarrassed and say, "I suppose it's corny, but it was my last chance to say it to them." We go inside the house. My Uncle Joel calls me to the other room. I am hesitant because I'd already put my stuff in a bedroom. I go into the living room and sit on a couch. Leroy is there and there is instant attraction and warmth. He sits next to me, very close, and puts his arm around me. I know this is wrong, but I want it. I struggle with my conscience a little, but it's a foregone conclusion. He complains bitterly how he never measures up to his father's expectations. A stray kitten and a cousin. It's a double reason to stay away, but I love being near him. I feel warmth and excitement. Both Uncle Joel and he assure me they are still working on marketing my script. I am a little annoyed and frustrated. [BL] (214 words)
#0850 (1986-10-28)

Paulina and I are going to the mall and ask directions of this man. He walks us there. We enjoy ourselves talking. We get there and he says, "You have to turn right and cross the bridge." He is going to turn left. We hug and kiss goodbye. It is a sad moment because we realize we like each other, but now must part. Bittersweet. (65 words)
#0851 (1986-10-28)

Jennifer H and I are in a living room. She points and says, "Oh look." I look and see a man has walked in and sat on our couch, without permission. I can tell he's a "stray kitten." I walk over to him and say, "I wish you would leave. This is our house and you weren't invited." He pleads, laying on a guilt trip. I don't pay any attention. I assist him up and walk him to the door and say goodbye firmly. (84 words)
#0852 (1986-10-30)

I am in a house setting, but it is a hospital of some kind. I am going back in and am wondering why I am. A nurse comes up to me and starts yelling. She's cold and mean, calling the patients bastards. I start yelling at her, calling her a "son of a bitch." She's coming at me with medication. She says, "If you don't take the pill, I'll give you a shot." I fight her, holding off her hand with the needle. I run, escaping. I grab slices of roast beef as I leave and eat them because I haven't eaten in awhile and will not be able to eat for awhile longer. I hop on a horse and gallop away up into the hills. We walk in the stream for awhile to cover our tracks. We find a tree. I build a hide-out of boards and moss. (149 words)
#0853 (1986-10-30)

Now it's Dwight in the tree and my mother, my father and I are looking for him. We notice the tree is close to a small town and near the coast highway. How clever we think. My mother, my father and I go into a shop and look around. Suddenly we realize we are in someone's home and they are at the door about to come in. We go hide in the bathroom. I'm pushing my mother because she's embarrassed and doesn't know what to do. (86 words)
#0855 (1987-09-23)

I am on a bus and look up into the sky. I see a white, streaky cloud like vapor trails of an airplane. It is sweeping around in a circle like a sonar screen would. I realize then that I have stumbled on a secret information and the Russian spies are going to be after me. I pretend I don't know anything about it and look around. I see my father and someone on a bench. I start walking toward a building that has display squares all over its front. I see cats sitting and standing in the squares, only their backs are to me. I think that's a little rude and embarrassing (all those asses). I continue walking and come full circle back to the bench. Trouble: the spies have replaced my father and are seated on the bench. (140 words)
#0856 (1987-09-25)

Jake and Valerie and I are in a car. I'm in the back seat. I see the landscape go by. I see buildings, including some that are just being constructed. I comment on one. I notice the streets are flooded. Then we come to an intersection. A parade is coming to the same intersection across from us. Jake is annoyed. I say, "Let's watch the parade." He growls out that he'd rather drive on. He turns so that we are now in the parade! I am somewhat embarrassed. He pulls across the road and into a parking lot and then we drive to his house. I see a grandfather clock with strange symbols inside it. I say to Valerie, "Oh, I see you got that clock." She says "Yes." She also got each of us a program that fits into the clock and proceeds to demonstrate my program. (148 words)
#0857 (1987-09-26)

More flooding waters. I run for the elevator to go down to the basement. I can't because the basement is all flooded. I reluctantly must go up. I see Dickie. He is looking at a TV set. I come over and face him, and peer at the TV. I see war and pain and confused people. I burst into tears and cry for the sad, confused people. I am surprised and touched that Dickie is crying just like me. He reaches out and hugs me. He tenderly touches my hair and says, "I didn't know you had such soft hair." (100 words)
#0859 (1987-09-27)

I see Nate. He smiles and comes over to me. I can see he is going to kiss me. I say, "No," as he bends me over in a romantic dip. He smiles and kisses me anyway. It is pleasant. I pull away and say, "I have work to do. Now go away. That was a cafe kiss." He grins and says, "If that's a goodbye kiss, then I can't wait to say hello!" (74 words)
#0860 (1987-09-29)

I work for an old man who is rich. He keeps a rigid schedule so when we aren't on duty upstairs we go downstairs and live our own life. I am surprised how free and fun people are downstairs and wonder how they dare because if the old man found out he'd be angry and fire them. There is a dance. I am dancing near an open door to the outside. I think what would really happen if I escaped. I know he's said there are terrible things out there. On an impulse, I suddenly run outside. People are shocked and concerned. I'm a little scared. Nothing happens. I imagine a snaky tentacle touches my ankle. I run back into the house. Then I see a giant building loom up over the wall and look in. It's the monster. I think, "How can a building hurt me?" I leave again. I get into a car and think, "I'd better take another street out of here." I look to my left and see smoke from a big fire. Then I remember that my parents and Judy are still in the building. I can't leave them. A courthouse building slides out toward the street to get me. I feel threatened, but go in anyway. I drive up fast and see Judy rush from work. They are escaping in another car. I drive up to them and they are so scared they don't know it's me. We drive in a circle, me chasing them running. I yell, "Look, it's me." Finally she recognizes me. I ask where my parents are. They are in the back seat. (273 words)
#0862 (1987-09-30)

I live in a house that I am sharing with other people. I am in the kitchen which is very crowded with lots of people trying to cook their breakfasts. Josh is making comments that imply incompetencies to his wife. I say to him, "Be careful. You could get in trouble." I feel strange interfering with their business. He comments that people are managing with powdered eggs and milk. (69 words)
#0863 (1987-09-30)

I decide to go visit Ellie. It's only a few blocks away. I walk over to her apartment. The door sill is up about 4 feet. I wonder how I'm going to get in. Andy helps me in. Ellie is very busy in and out of the room and I sigh because I shall have to spend time with Andy as he is holding the baby. I'd feel more comfortable with Ellie, but can't get her to slow down enough to take the time. I decide Andy is o.k. I play with the baby. Ellie comes by with another baby she is babysitting. Something is very wrong with his eyes. One is larger and strangely formed. He even has eyeballs in his mouth. His name is Chris. A woman drops by to arrange a time with Ellie to watch her baby. They leave. I look at Andy, who now is all brown with black hair and blue eyes. He tells me he is a Maui from Hawaii. I ask, "What percentage?" He says, "100%." I notice that I am prejudiced and try not to be. I then think, with some regret, that their child will only be half white. I then shrug my shoulder and try not to let that matter. (211 words)
#0864 (1987-09-30)

I am seated sideways on a stairway or mountainous trail. A woman walks by and pauses. She says that her feet are worse than mine. I notice they are deformed and she takes small mincing steps like a Chinese woman. I look at her hands, which look like Merle's hands. I ask, "Rheumatoid arthritis?" She says, "No, between the legs," and hobbles away. I ask how long she's had this disease. She says, "About a year." (76 words)
#0865 (1987-10-01)

Dwight needs some paper and I suggest I find my note cards and he can use them. I go to a set of drawers and look through some boxes. I find letters and stationery and remark that I should use them more often. I never do find the note cards and now I must go or I will be late. He continues to look and I leave. (67 words)
#0866 (1987-10-01)

I go into a public restroom. I notice that both men and women are using the same room because the men's room is temporarily closed. I find a stall, no doors. My friend and I are talking. A man comes up and comments on my shoes and I try to ignore him. He follows me out of the restroom. He likes me and wants to get together. I carry straw flowers and a strawberry. I throw away the strawberry. He is very happy and says, "Oh look. She threw away his strawberry and kept my straw flowers." Somehow that means I favor him. So I go into a room and sit down at a table. My friend also sits with me. The man, tall and good looking, appears and stands behind me. I am now in a quandary because I realize that my friend had seen him first and wants him. She goes away, hurt, and I see a small pet animal curled up with bruises near its eyes. (169 words)
#0867 (1987-10-08)

I am seated in a chair with a man. We are watching a Chinese play involving a woman who discovers another woman who is rich is her cousin. She tries to tell the woman of the relationship and is rebuffed. It's all in Chinese. I try to interpret it for the man. The play stops in the middle. A woman (Chinese) says they should never have attempted to pretend to be on TV. So it's time to cleanup our picnic mess and go to our hotel room. I am surprised to notice that I am sexually interested in the possibility of going to bed with him. I think, "Well, that's unusual," and agree that if the feelings go away, then I won't, but if the feelings stay, we'll make love! Then I get domestic and clean up his area and then go to my kitchen and clean up. I am surprised again that I can do this. It feels pleasant. I cut up hot dogs and stuff them with more hot dogs and put them in baggies. I offer him a lemon meringue pie, asking if he likes them. He says "Yes, but what about the cherry pie we bought?" I didn't have to go to that trouble. I laugh and say, "Let's invite the other couple over and help us eat it." (223 words)
#0868 (1987-12-25)

A young woman and her husband and baby live out in the woods. They all sleep together in a sleeping bag under the trees. Now they've built a house. It has no furniture. It is only one room. I look inside and my voice is like a narrator on a TV show pointing out the features: a solid floor that has insulation underneath, a piece of green-yellow carpet on one half of the floor. The walls are handcrafted stained glass windows to shine beautiful colors with the sunlight. I try to make them look more beautiful. A roof to keep off the cold winter rain. The side wall opposite me opens up so that I see a porch with people on it, and a lovely view of the meadow and the river. People are swimming in the river. I have to sit up tall to see them over the rocks. (150 words)
#0869 (1987-12-25)

I am seated at a table with lots of food on it. A woman comes up and says, "You are going out with my husband and I am going out with my ex-husband." I feel somewhat embarrassed and want to explain to her that I mean no harm. I'm not trying to take her husband away. I don't say anything. Then I get up and walk over to my "date." It's Pat Brown. He's wearing a sweater that had been cut in a semi-circle and his chest skin was cut too. He remarked it had been dome by a chainsaw and it sure hurt! He repeated a groaning "Ow!" several times! He seemed surprised at his stupidity of letting himself get cut. [BL] (122 words)
#0870 (1987-12-25)

I'm in a race. It's fun and I know I'm good. First I ski and then I drive a race car. I drive through France and ski the Alps which is represented by a little mound of snow like I'm driving over a giant 3-D map of the world. I am competent and enjoy the race, knowing I will win. (60 words)
#0871 (1987-12-25)

I am seated. I am trying to do my newsletter. It's not going right. I am using an old typewriter and it can't correct mistakes. So I go back to do it over again. It just won't go together right. I notice a lion resting his head on my lap. I say to him in a very caring voice, "I need your help." (63 words)
#0873 (1987-12-29)

I am in a pickup truck in the driveway of Aunt Elaine's house and it starts sliding backwards. It rolls across a busy street and into the driveway across the street. I press and press on the brakes. It finally stops. I watch the traffic, which is fast and thick, for an opening so I can go back to Elaine's house. I watch one person passing another recklessly and think, "How dumb." Finally I get across. I want to take a shower, but I tell someone that Arvonne lives in the house now and I'd have to ask her. That seems an impossible task "You know Arvonne." I shrug my shoulders. (111 words)
#0874 (1987-12-29)

Someone important was given a tour of Dover. Now I am given a tour. Two winged women pick me up, each one holding on to an arm and they fly me over Dover. I see the gold leaf on the ornate stone carvings on the buildings. I see the Paramount Building. It is quite beautiful. (55 words)
#0879 (1988-01-16)

I am leaving the house for work and notice that I am 4 months pregnant. I am surprised. At the age of 44, it seems odd. It is also a little pleasant. I try to figure out who the father is. I am a little disappointed that it's not Nate. Maybe it's one of the two Pats. I go to work. I am depressed and keep to myself as I work. I go to the lunch room and see a newspaper article of Delta S. I try to point it out to the others, but they pay no attention to me. I eat chocolate chip cookies and toast with honey. (110 words)
#0880 (1988-03-20)

I am maybe in a hospital setting. There are helpless, newborn babies being badly taken care of. Michael J. Fox grabs my hand and pulls me, running through the corridors. I am concerned because I am hooked up to the babies and our running is pulling out their life support system and causing them pain and then death. I feel I must do something. It is suggested that I talk with the top authority, Governor Goldsmith. I waver and think, "Oh, I'll just mention it to some local person. The message comes clearly! "DO NOT WAVER! Go to the top. Top priority! You must save the babies because horrible things are being done to them! They are used for experiments. Pieces are taken out of them before they are dead and people say they can't feel pain but they can! You must help them!" I must help them! Also a naked man was in the bed next to me. [BL] (159 words)
#0881 (1988-03-20)

I am on a beach, romping. I see a violin case in green and yellow (University colors). It is there for me. I had written a letter requesting it from a music professor so that I could create a better, more creative Happy Birthday song for someone. He felt I could do a good job, so he brought it and left it on the beach to surprise me. And I was surprised. I wasn't sure it was for me. I circled it and exclaimed at my friends. I touched it and it's duck-like mouth opens and gently bites my hand. I decide it's for me and pick it up and go to the parking lot and sit in a van and play. My fingers are deformed, so I must hold it differently. I am rusty. I know the professor is listening. I hope he's not disappointed. (146 words)
#0882 (1988-03-20)

Mabel is organizing some group of musicians for a rehearsal. She calls me over to her to explain what's happening. She's seated and facing a stage with musicians and singers on it. I lean over so that her hair is touching my face. I enjoy that soft, intimate moment, aware that if she noticed what I was doing, she'd withdraw. She tells me she must work with the main group and asks if I would meet with a small group of them to explain non-musical details. The person designated to do that didn't show up. I agreed and went over to one side to meet my group. They are on the stage and so I go over there and quietly listen in as they are talking. A curtain is between us. They say how nice it is that the Ricatta Inn is lowering their rates for the seven of them. It is better than having to walk so far to the YWCA. Now, maybe next year, more people would have heard of the lower rates and will sign up. One woman peeks down at me from the curtain "Are you a sophomore?" she asks. I say, quite surprised, "Oh no. I'm..." I couldn't remember what year I was. Then I remember. "I'm a graduate student. And then I've been going to school at the community college. This is my last term. I guess I'd better find out what I'm going to do for the rest of my life as a job." I feel a little startled and scared. I'd been drifting along, going to school and taking it easy. Now I had to think about real work. (277 words)
#0883 (1988-03-25)

Howard comes to me and wants me to come back to him. He smiles warmly and says, "Are you crying? Are you blushing?" I look away, smiling a little and say, "No, I'm not." He says, "Yes, you are," and touches my cheek. I say, "I don't want to come back to you." He says, "It's o.k." He bends over and tenderly kisses me on the lips. I kiss him back. I feel happy. (74 words)
#0885 (1988-04-14)

I am in the back seat of a car. My father is driving. Ellie, Paulina and Charla are in the back with me and my mother is in the front. I look to my left and see two red limos driving. I peer into one and see an older woman. I recognize her as a famous writer. I am quite thrilled and roll the window down and stare at her. She looks up. I take Charla and hold her up saying, "Look. Isn't she cute?" The woman passes a note to me. I feel the wind between the cars, grab at it and hang on tight. I then read it. It is in very small writing and is a list of some kind. It also has her name and address on it. It also says, "You have talent." I feel very happy. Her car speeds up and goes ahead of us. She's now in the back trying to say something to me. I can't make it out but it feels important. I tell my father to speed up so I can see her lips. He starts to and then sees a bridge up ahead and slows down. He's afraid that bridge goes into New York City and he turns left. I see a sign that says "Permanent Terminal." I am very agitated and demand that my father stop the car. He's telling Paulina and others to get out and watch for traffic. I hop out quickly and push him out of the driver's seat. My mother is yelling at him. I get in and say, "I'm not afraid to drive through New York City." I turn us back to the freeway and speed up to catch up with the woman. (290 words)
#0886 (1988-04-16)

I am holding a child who wishes to be treated like a baby. I am trying to feed it a bottle of milk. I can't seem to get it into her mouth. I notice that a mouth is on top of her head. I put the bottle in that mouth and she eats. I think that is pretty weird! (59 words)
#0887 (1988-04-18)

I am at a zoo. At a booth, they have lots of fuzzy little animals. I hold a small, sweet kitten in my arms. I walk away down the path, with the kitten. Someone comments. I know I have to take it back, but feel regret and sadness, but I have two cats already. I walk back up the path, having to go against the traffic and bars like in the library block the way and I have to go around them. I take the kitten back. (87 words)
#0888 (1988-04-19)

I am a young soldier and get out of a VW bus to present arms. My gun is huge and heavy. I call out to the sergeant, "Help. It's too heavy." He breaks it into halves and we see the insides. He asks if I know how to put it together. I don't. He says, "Well, do you know how to go out and 'issue use' which meant have sexual relations." I assure him repeatedly I know how to do that! And have done it. I am thinking of biking to T City and then go home. I ask how long it will take. 6 or 7 hours! Too long. I explain that I won't go to T City; just home. I eat a heavy breakfast first. Dovre pays as she looks at a photo. It's hard enough being 90% princess, but to have to go out into the world with other people too! There is a baby with me. (160 words)
#0889 (1988-04-21)

I'm with Ginny. She's driving. I comment that I recognize the road. It's a dirt trail uphill. We are going to a person's house to buy something for the child. I have to walk up the front steps. A woman takes us in to show us around. I see a window and look. I see a family at leisure down in the family room. I go down there. I notice a lovely babbling brook going through the room and comment on it. She is pleased as it is unique and beautiful. She takes me to another building to see the clothes. As I enter, I see it's a restaurant. It's a surprise party for "Kathy" who isn't there, one of the family members but I don't remember which one. I keep asking where's Kathy. No one really knows. I eat chocolate chip cookies that are mushy and undercooked. I leave to go find the university. I see one across the street. I walk uphill and go in a building. I see Jerome. I ask a man the name of the university. He smiles and says, "Yale." I am surprised and impressed. "Yale," I said. It's not the university I was looking for. (202 words)
#0890 (1988-04-22)

I am in a car made for one person. It is very tiny. It has an umbrella-like roof to put on to protect form the rain. I get in it and zip up the roof. I cautiously move out into traffic and make for the right lane. I realize if I'm the only small car like this, others will probably not see me and run over me. I create more little cars like me so that people are more on the alert. I go pretty slow at first and then speed up. I fly over the cars going slower than me. Once I think that I'd better look back and see if anyone's flying over me first so there won't be a crash. (123 words)
#0891 (1988-04-22)

I'm in a bus. A policeman is after me. I run away. I go to a gas station and pull out the gas pump from Jerry's little sports car. I hop in and scrunch down so no one can see me and tell him to drive. He drives. I see the bus I was on going down the street upside down on its top. Everyone is upside down. (68 words)
#0893 (1988-04-22)

I am in my bedroom. I hear Arvonne and her friend, a tall woman, moving a yellow dresser from her room to the living room. I hear Arvonne exclaim angrily as she sees a white dresser already out there, "It's always her daughters. They always leave things out here." I feel guilty because I think I should have moved it back into my room. I feel selfish. (67 words)
#0894 (1988-04-22)

My daughters are playing with some purses that fit into each other. I exclaim, "See how I got these for you and you are enjoying them so much." Dovre frowns and complains that it's not fun because all I ever get them are used or broken or cheap. I feel angry and embarrassed as I look around and see a few wooden broken toys in a heap. I feel guilty. Then I move away and go talk to a woman who is talking to her counselor. She instructs me to place my hand on her debit card hump which is a lumpy skin patch on her left shoulder. She tells me it is there so that when people touch it, she will experience pain. The counselor who is chopping up something on a lap board with a razor blade looks up and says happily to her, "I like the way you handled that. How creative you are." I am filled with jealousy because he is noticing her and ignoring me! (170 words)
#0895 (1988-04-29)

Karl Stone has invited me to a 3 day contest. I am to listen to bands and judge them. On one of those nights, the Birds will perform, but he won't tell me which night. He drives me home in his pickup. I am exhausted because we've been up all night and now I have to go to school. I am at Grandma Mildred's and excuse myself to find a bathroom and go to their bedroom. As I start to open the door, I realize oh! Grandpa Lloyd might be there and then remember that he is dead. A girl friend drives me to school. I fall asleep in the truck and she leaves me there. I sleep all day. (120 words)
#0896 (1988-04-26)

Michael J. Fox (who looked like Darryl sometimes) and I are in bed making love. It is very sensual and pleasant. I'm on top. It is slow and enticing. We are interrupted. He gets into a small car that becomes a flashy black 1950's car and drives it around in circles and then down a narrow drive way into a secret garage where he lives in splendor. I see signs for Europe, England, etc. and offer to drive for him as he can't do it all himself. I suggest we get back into bed, but some waitress is in the room and I'm reluctant to do it with her around. (110 words)
#0897 (1988-05-01)

Dwight is driving a car. I'm in the passenger seat. He drives. We get lost and go around the block. I'm looking for my Grandpa Lloyd and Grandma Mildred's house. We find it. Before I get out of the car, Dwight hands me a sack. I smile, pleased and surprised. I look in. There are 3 or 4 teddy bears that used to be my favorites. He had remembered and given them to me. I thank him. I go inside I'm surprised to see grandparents alive. I feel a little uncertain about Grandpa who sits and stares into space like he did before he died. I'm not sure if he's alive or dead. (113 words)
#0900 (1988-05-03)

I am in M City house. I go out and get the mail. Lots of magazines are in the box. I decide I'm late for class, so I'll skip one. It's just Career Planning. I need to clean up some food messes on a floor in the kitchen and on a table in the L. room. I go to a bed in a hall part of the living room and lie down in broad daylight. My parents come home. Arthur helped me clean up the mess. (86 words)
#0901 (1988-05-04)

I am given a gift from this rich guy that likes me. I call him up. His secretary asks my name. I tell her. She reads the names of the women he has given priority. A list of women who the secretary will put through to him. I'm not on the list. I feel angry and decide to never see him again. He chases after me, but I ignore him. [BL] (70 words)
#0902 (1988-05-04)

I'm walking down a long muddy lane. I keep seeing chains of different kinds and notice that they are malicious and one wraps around my left ankle and I pull it off. There is danger. I keep walking and then see a college. I wonder which one it is. Some man says the name of a prestigious school. Then I see a sign, "the Kennedy Center for Turkey Runs (or Farms)." I start laughing. People walk by me and I try to hide my giggles so as not to offend them. (91 words)
#0903 (1988-05-05)

I'm in the M City house. Arvonne is there and Paulina. I am feeding a baby. Paulina and I are preparing foods. I pick up a packet of paper and decide to put it in the "old pool room." I go in there. Lots of boxes of things. I go to the far windows and look out nostalgically. The girls wonder what I'm looking at. It looks pretty ordinary to them. I say with a sigh, "You can't see what I see," and describe the old garage and the drive way. (I remember sexual enjoyment and love with Darryl) (99 words)
#0904 (1988-05-05)

I am asked to be in a role play for a man who has flunked out of law school. I hold my script and do a very excellent job of a funny voice. People are impressed with my improv talents. 3 of the fake "judges" gather around me as I act. I think, hmm, sex always brings them interest. Merle is in there somewhere. (64 words)
#0905 (1988-05-06)

I am in a car. It speaks to me in a woman's voice. It says, "You can make the decisions about where to go and how fast, but I will make the decisions on what soap to use in your bath." See a bathtub in the back seat (Venus de Milo on a half shell style) 2 squares of scented perfume in gold foil appear. I think she's a bit uppity. (71 words)
#0906 (1988-05-08)

Judy and I are talking about who we've had sex with. She says she's even had McCork. I am surprised because he's married. I ask, "How was he?" She shrugs and says, "O.K. He's good medically, but emotionally he's not there." Bonnie and I enter a school building (maybe the community college) from a new way I'm not used to. She keeps meeting people who need her help. We get lost. I am cleaning out a trunk, but somehow end up keeping most of the stuff, even though I know I needn't. I keep a clear plastic compartmentalized box I had removed things from. I keep a set of keys that unlock someone's car. It has a small gas key on it. It's round and metal and says BUS on it. It changes to BUE. I couldn't figure out who it belonged to, so I tucked it in the back of Grandma Agnes' built-in hutch for dishes, silverware and tablecloths. I find Christmas cards I had been writing and suddenly realize it's May and the information will be outdated by Christmas. It's a waste of time. I keep them in the trunk. I see lots of newspaper sheets in the ink that are so big that when I try to shut the trunk, they're hanging out. I remove them reluctantly, and wad them up. (224 words)
#0907 (1988-05-09)

I am going to experience a ride and it's never been done before, so no one knows if it will work. I curl up in a small capsule on a rocket. It fires off and I fly up out and over and down in an arc and land. I am safe. Someone is drowning in the ocean. I reach down and can't reach their arm. So I dive in and pull him up. I pick him up in my arms and carry him to a hospital. Another man who sort of likes me comes along on my right. I notice there is a chain safety pinned to him and to me. It has a sign on it, "Gay Lover." I am surprised and then notice it is attached to the man I am carrying and not to me. Apparently we need the sign there to fool the authorities so we can get the man to help. I put him on the counter in front of the nurse. I notice I put him down gently because the surface is hard and it bumps his head. I turn him over on his side and let the sea water run out of his mouth as proof for the nurse. He starts breathing. (209 words)
#0909 (1988-05-10)

I am staying at Grandma Mildred's. I go to bed. Dwight crawls into bed with me and then notices I'm there. He's embarrassed and says, "Oh! Excuse me," and gets out of bed. Later, I wake to notice Uncle Dale is in bed with me. I remember my bad breath. It's o.k. that he's there because he's a relative. He lays straight and rigid. I'm careful not to touch him. (70 words)
#0910 (1988-05-10)

I am asked to act out an improv where I am an elderly person and I am humorous like not hearing correctly and responding differently. It makes someone chuckle. Later someone asks me what kinds of problems do the elderly have. I sigh at their innocence and ignorance and say, "Just like the disabled." And I list some problems. (59 words)
#0911 (1988-05-11)

There is a river that is flowing with rapids. Some times it just disappears and all that is left is a lot of mud. Then the water flows up again. There are small, cute kittens romping in the "mud/river." They are hunting and eating chickens. There is something cold and terrible about it. They pounce and eat as the chicken fights frantically for life. I need to float down river. It is full of heavy metal objects that could hurt. There are two waterfalls I shall have to go over. It is dangerous. (93 words)
#0913 (1988-05-12)

I am walking through a bar. I come to a door that is closed. I think, "Ah. I know the way," and go around a corner to an open door. I am in a bar/lounge. People look at me, interested in me sexually. I feel pleased that I am considered attractive and am not afraid. I also don't stop and take anyone up on the offer. I go outside and see an empty swimming pool. Across the pool is a glass enclosed area. I see lots of children playing. (89 words)
#0914 (1988-05-12)

Later a dream about finishing drinking something I had left. Some women are spies and were chosen for a series of features, one of which is they had a miniature silver shoe. I saw a lot of miniature desks lined up. They belonged to Cherry T. I opened one drawer and saw a diary book, about joy. I apologized for looking at her private material. [BL] (65 words)
#0915 (1988-05-13)

The Birds are preparing for a performance. I notice that Merle looks very good-looking. I wonder why I hadn't noticed that before. He offers for us to have a finale dinner after the 2-day show at the expense of his poetry club called Beef o'Poetry. Just as he offers it, two other offers come in. A dance teacher, Lucy, who I call Vern, offers a night out for dinner. I put my arm around her and pat her shoulder when I call her name, "Vern." Merle is a little annoyed. Lucy is there. Later after the show, I see a room where lots of leftover food has been put on two tables. I want to use up the food so it won't go to waste. I carry out carrot sticks, relishes, and biscuits and butter to place on a table where Dwight of Counseling and Hank and other people are. I start to put the basket down, and I see a huge tray of biscuits, so I move my stuff further down the table because I want it to be eaten and not come back to me or go to waste. (191 words)
#0916 (1988-05-14)

I see Howard's scales and I want to stand on them to weigh myself. I notice that the scales are a book with a plastic protective cover on it. The real scales are underneath. I am in a house and I look for Howard to ask him a question. I am concerned because I can't remember paying the rent or the insurance for several months and wonder if he did. I paid the other bills but there's not much money left. He says he has paid the other bills and I feel relieved. A boy and a baby girl come romping up to me. They are my children. The little baby girl starts to nurse. I feel somewhat embarrassed and think, "Hey, there's no milk. I'm dried up." (128 words)
#0917 (1988-05-14)

I am on a ski boat thing where you stand up on the thing and it acts like a motorcycle. The waves are huge and violent. I like it. Then I'm on a lake, placid and large. I am trying to catch up to "the big boys." I pass many brightly colored balls in the water as I speed with a single-minded desire after the "big guys." I am catching up to them. (73 words)
#0918 (1988-05-15)

I must become more aware of the kinesthetic. I notice my left leg. I am picking up my car. It's been repaired. Now I go to pick up some foreign student who will come live with me and want to drive my car. When I pick him up, there is some confusion. I want to turn on the radio and get some news. A plastic cover (like over Marilyn's cake) is over the control knobs. I twiddle with the knobs and get an occasional weak light on. I focus on channel 12. It is a TV news station. The foreign student doesn't want to live with me, but does want to borrow the car. I feel uncomfortable with this and refuse. He is miffed. (124 words)
#0919 (1988-05-16)

A tall good-looking man enters. He has come with a bus load of kids. They have all been saving their food and money to afford this escape to where I am. They have heard of how well I did and want to do the same. I quietly stand in front of him, facing him. It feels good and calm. I like him. He likes me. He is different from the others. (He looks like the conductor I met at the coast, Tony Amour.) The welfare people need my report and because I was honest, they have to take away a couch in my parent's home. I have a small girl with me. (112 words)
#0921 (1988-05-18)

I am watching a singing group and while I'm in the audience, they march by. I sing loudly to show them I have talent. Of course they can't hear me, but I just keep hoping they'll notice. At one point I'm on the stage and they are marching by. Others in the audience are singing too. (56 words)
#0922 (1988-05-18)

I and an "alien" are together in Aunt Elaine's house. I go to the kitchen area and write a note. I want to convince the authorities that the alien and I can create an interesting show that gives me time to be with the alien. I'm interested in him but I can't just be open about it. [BL] (57 words)
#0923 (1988-05-18)

A baby girl pees into a pot and one of her legs is in the pot so she makes a mess. I pick her up; Howard is watching. I put her on my lap. I am washing her off and want to do a good job so Howard will approve. (50 words)
#0924 (1988-05-19)

It's easy to learn my lessons now. I am in a writing class writing fast to keep up. Both my daughters and I are learning "freshman" writing together. We leave the class as it is over. It's crowded and I am in a wheelchair. I go up a crowded aisle, trying not to run over anyone seated on the edges. At the door I am standing. I walk out. It is dark and rainy. Ellie points to the next building and says, "there's the next class. Where's the path?" I walk ahead and see the path. "Here it is," I say. (101 words)
#0925 (1988-05-19)

I am seated on a couch near a bike. I hear my father's yacht and think it would be fun to dance on the yacht, but choose not to. An old Indian woman in a wheelchair rolls up to me. She tells me that my father is using and wasting lots of gasoline that she and her people could use for a better life. I feel badly. She leaves. A good-looking man watches caringly. I talk with a young adult woman who just got married. She shows me dream symbols. I see a stone and an iron and a shirt. I say, "Hey, these are all work. There is no fun here in this room." I see a philodendron plant on a worn carpet. The good-looking man comes and stands by me. He is loading his gun. I say, "Oh, so that's where the bullets are" (a box on a dresser). My father uses those bullets too. He says, "Yes," and I tell him about my experiences with the old woman. We are very close. He says, "I'll show you how to load the gun." Our heads touch as we draw closer to look. I see big, grey pewter bullets. It feels very good to be close to this caring man. (211 words)
#0926 (1988-05-20)

I took a good bath and then I lay down in a "University" bathtub which belongs to Dickie. I am wearing blue jeans and no top. It is unnecessary to take the second bath. I then go to put some makeup on. I put on lipstick. I choose a necklace with little hearts on it. I think about one that has little birds and hearts and choose not to wear it. I put on eye shadow. It is thick and globby. I scrape some of it off. (87 words)
#0927 (1988-05-20)

I see a high rack filled with books, like in a book store. A man is seated near it, in front of it on one side. He looks a little forlorn. He says, "You've got your books and people. I just want a job." I go to one of my "aunts" and tell her about him. We all own a big ranch and we agree to give him a job as a cowboy, riding a horse. I ride the horse to the ranch, which is a little like V's house. I go toward the front enclosed porch. There is a busy restaurant there. A woman has ordered eggs and is unsatisfied with the ones she got, so I step in to cook her new eggs. I give her the eggs and then try to scrape the old ones with a bit taken out of them onto a platter to serve to someone else. I pick up rice and eggs from under the platter with my spoon. A man watches and I feel a little embarrassed like I'm cheating or being stingy. (181 words)
#0929 (1988-05-21)

A crazy woman lies in a child's crib. Three miniature girls with flabby double chins are near her. Together they are creating problems for me. They are in the third bedroom at the end of a narrow hall on the right. It is an old, neglected house. There are buttons and locks to get in. (55 words)
#0930 (1988-05-22)

A crowd of people want to get the best seats and rush forward. I want to be one of them, but hesitate. They go up a lot of stairs and sit way up high in a balcony near the stairs. I realize I'm glad I didn't join them. The stairs would have been hard. I leisurely go up a few stairs until I get an adequate, only slightly blocked view. I start to sit on a "pew" but notice a purse. I choose the next lower "bench" as it is empty and I don't want to share the space with anyone. I have to bend my head some to be able to see clearly. (114 words)
#0931 (1988-05-22)

I am in my wheelchair and come up to the reception counter at the doctor's office. I say, "I'm here for my appointment." She says, "Yeah, 9 minutes after 10. You're late." She is putting some sickly looking grapes and berries into a bowl. They are a pale white and look a bit slimy. I look at another clock. It says one minute after 10. I say, "I'm only one minute late. That's not so bad." She calls out to someone else to verify the time. She grudgingly agrees I might be right. (93 words)
#0932 (1988-05-23)

There's this old guy who owns a business (maybe a trailer court) and a young guy who is very business astute. They become politicians and are very good. The young guy has a sister who is sheltered at home. He goes to pick her up. We are sitting in the back seat of a car. The sister says to her older woman friend. "I put the long line (underpants) in my purse." The woman shushes her. I lean to the woman and say, "I hope you'll take good care of her. I know you will." A sort of secret here. I'm not supposed to know they are planning on sneaking off. But I have figured it out and I am giving my blessings. The woman then notices we are driving up a very steep hill and is surprised. "Where we are going?" she asks. I smile and say, "Wait 'til you see it's even steeper and more curved up ahead." We round a curve and I see an ocean side cottage up facing the cliff side. A sign indicates a sea shell and souvenir shop. I think that's an odd place to have it. Rarely is this road traveled because it is residential. We pull up to an older woman's house. We go inside. (214 words)
#0933 (1988-05-24)

I am visiting Carol and Rob and am in the bathroom brushing my teeth. Rob sneaks in, thinking he is finding Carol. I feel a little embarrassed, like I'd been caught with my pants down. There is no water, so I turn on a faucet. Slimy green gunk comes out of the faucet. I get some on my brush. A child tells me it will make me sick. I enjoy Carol and Rob's company. I think I should buy Sat. dinner, but I don't. (84 words)
#0934 (1988-05-24)

Merle comes by to visit. His wheelchair is a miniature clown car. I come into the living room to see it and I laugh. Two people are with him. I ask myself how I will be health-wise in 5 years. I look up on the ceiling and I see myself floating back down in some bubbly water. My eyes and my mouth are wide open and I'm staring. I feel queasy and think maybe I'm swimming and I try to make the image look a little less frightening and "dead." I then ask if I'm going to be in a relationship. I look around the living room and don't see anyone. Later, I go upstairs to talk to Jerome. Dickie is in his office and I sit next to him and tell him off. I wait for W so I can tell him off too. I see a window and notice I am now where the "health" image had been floating and I try to see it from another perspective. All I see is the living room from a ceiling view. (181 words)
#0935 (1988-05-26)

My parents had taken the keys to my car. I went to someone who had my keys and demanded them back. I pointed out that I owned the car and paid for the insurance. They reluctantly gave me the keys. I got into the car to drive, only I ended up in the trunk. I had to lean out to the left to see and had trouble driving straight. I struggled and finally ended up in the driver's seat. (79 words)
#0938 (1988-05-27)

I come into a room where the teacher is speaking. I see a baby on a blanket and speak softly to her. The teacher is angry and tells me to just go to my room and recite Hamlet ("To be or not to be?") I get angry at her and tell her she's wrong and too harsh. I have my classmates as witnesses and she'll get in trouble. She cowers angrily. Then my classmates and I get to our dormitory room which has beautiful spacious pieces of antiques and ritzy furniture. It's a big open space and each girl's space is marked by her furniture. (105 words)
#0941 (1988-05-30)

A princess and I are trying to hide out. There is an old boyfriend around. We go to a house to get a room. I walk down two flights of stairs. The banister is very rickety and wobbly. The man at the top of the stairs is thrilled to be touching the same banister I am. We get to the bottom of the stairs and the princess says, "The landlady won't show us a room. We'll have to take it sight unseen." I go to the landlady and say, "I want to see the room before we decide to take it." Something in my tone makes her decide to show me the room. We walk down a hall to our "room," which is a bed and a tiny two-drawer bureau. There is a large window with a nice view and more space because it's at the end. I ask if there is a bureau and she says not. I ask if I am expected to buy one. We agree I do. (171 words)
#0942 (1988-05-31)

Lots of dreams, but I only remember snatches. Raspberries. Grandma Mildred. Work. Josh says, "Maybe now the doctors' female faculty can meet. They couldn't before because of all the bad feelings. They still can't at the Counseling Dept." I ask Veronica for more work, even though I have plenty of tasks I can do. (54 words)
#0943 (1988-06-01)

I look out a window. My father is gathering up a group of young people. They gather up in a circle and start singing "Swing Low Sweet Chariot." I feel teary because it's my favorite song and I sing along even though I know it will hurt my throat and cause it to close up. I look at photographs of my Adam cousins. Millie comes into the house. She's all dolled up for a date and is waiting for him to arrive. It's near midnight. I am quite surprised because she's married. I sit next to her and put my hand on her arm. "Aren't you married?" I ask hesitantly. She looks upset and says, "Jim died." I say, "I'm sorry. I didn't know." I remember back. She's had five husbands, each one for just a few years; some died, some divorced. I go to the Dairy Queen. There is a turquoise Cadillac, 1955, there. I drive it around. There are two matching turquoise pistols on the hood. I have to take the car back. I try to turn left on a road full of bumper-to-bumper traffic. Finally I get to the D.Q. Others push the car as the engine isn't on. I pull in. The owner seems relieved as he didn't know what happened to the car. People are bringing books to a used book sale. A woman hands in a pile of books that are the best of the bunch. I see Science Fiction titles. (247 words)
#0944 (1988-06-02)

I am around a table with C department people. Josh says we have to go to another place so Tyler is going to walk with me. As we are walking up the street, we look ahead and see a huge water buffalo loose. He is quite active so Tyler and I decide we'll climb up a tree to be safe. I climb up. There are lots of other people in the tree. The water buffalo decides to try and reach me. He rears up and stretches his nose and I scramble up higher and higher. I'm now clinging to some pretty skinny branches. He finally goes away. I climb down and Tyler and I continue walking, talking excitedly about our narrow escape. Then I notice Tyler isn't there. I look around and see I'm in a bad neighborhood, sleazy bars, etc. I think, "Where is Tyler when you need him?" I look behind me and see Tyler and Mabel talking and laughing. I feel jealous and hurt. I keep walking. Mabel catches up and I want to share the buffalo story, but I don't to "teach her" or punish him. Then I relent and tell her. Joe F. is ahead and has a skinny, flimsy motorbike. He asks me to help get it started. I tease him. So do some tough guys. Now I'm in a house. I want to go outside and go to an extension of the house and get a book, but it's dark outside and I turn on the porch light, but decide it's safer to go back in and go through the house to get to the extension to get my book. (277 words)
#0945 (1988-06-03)

I am shopping in Payless looking for a piece of furry material I can have to touch. I find a few things but they aren't soft enough. I find purses with pockets and they look pretty, but they won't do. Then I notice that the merchandize section of Payless is very small. The rest of the space is filled with tables and chairs like in a restaurant and in the back is an aerobics class. (75 words)
#0947 (1988-06-04)

I tell Arvonne that I will help her sweep the floor. I use a towel and hit at the dust balls. I wonder why I'm doing this. Then I see a broom that Arvonne has left for me and I use it. I find popcorn under the bed. I pile up hats and rhinestone jewelry in one pile in a closet. (61 words)
#0948 (1988-06-04)

I am at an island where I've gone to lead a quiet, peaceful life. Someone told me to do it. It looks a little boring. Then I am crawling back from a work day of picking up fruits, and I'm dragging myself and the fruits down a muddy road. I'm exhausted. I look to my left and see waves and realize that a tidal wave is coming in. I go to the house to get Howard so we can drive to safety. Then it's over and I see the muddy ground. I want to leave the island and return to my normal life. (103 words)
#0949 (1988-06-05)

My "roommate" kicked me out and I had to leave without any money or my clothes. I came back and packed my things so I would be all right. I go out to a living room. Pete and Maggie are there. Nate comes in, all excited. He has a formula, an answer. But he can't figure out some of the symbols. He asks me what they mean. I look at them and say, "I don't know." I give up and start to walk to my room. He insists I try. It is a shaped thing and he says it means guilt but he doesn't know what the "B" means. I say, "I don't know." We all sit on the couch and as he's talking, I caress his back and hair. Maggie looks surprised and Nate says, "We used to be good friends," or, "We're old friends." I am aware of Pete. He feels jealous. I get up to regretfully walk away, a small two-yea- old child clings to my legs. It is pleasant, the closeness, and we walk away from Nate. (181 words)
#0950 (1988-06-05)

I am swimming in calm waters and doing very well. I swim toward a rock at the deep end. As I near the rock, I realize I'm getting tired out and need to hang on. I reach for the rock and become aware of evil things lurking under the rock. I slide around the rock and discover I'm in the rough ocean side and feel like I might not make it. I struggle and finally get back to the calm waters and feel safer. [BL] (84 words)
#0952 (1988-06-06)

I am in a large room, sort of a bedroom/classroom. My client Tim (student) comes in with 3 pals, all in a joking mood. They are cute. I go over to a round table to check my appointment times. A man walks through, smiling to himself. I leave and am walking down a hilly sidewalk. I hear 1950's upbeat music and see a sorority group dancing with long sorts of charm skirts. It is amazing. I start to dance too, laughing. I stop and sit on the prickly grass near the area to watch. A man who likes me (like the cute guy from Mechanics Dept.) asks me over to sit with him on the sidewalk stairs to his house. He asks his son permission. I come into the house. The man and his son like me. The son is going to perform a trick for me. He will look like he's hanging himself, but he is safe the whole time. The father and I are nervous about it. It appears that the rope around his neck is too tight. We grimace when he does. He does the trick, sort of, and it's OK. (194 words)
#0955 (1988-06-07)

I walk between a man and a baby. He hands me a book. I take it, saying, "I'm sorry. I didn't realize you were playing with the baby. I didn't mean to interfere with your game." He has warm eyes and watches me. I continue shopping. I find a bin with things in it. I find a black graduation tassel. I look up and see the man watching me. I have a hard time making eye contact. I feel a little flustered and embarrassed. I see the baby on a couch propped up with pillows drinking a bottle. She starts to sit up and falls off the couch. I run to catch her. So does he. I pick her up, cooing to her. She's all damp from spilt milk and sweat and urine. I say, "Let's get you cleaned up, then you'll be more comfortable." I hug her. She has dark, curly hair. The man approves. (156 words)
#0956 (1988-06-08)

I am traveling in Moscow with a group. I dress up in a formal and lead the group in a guided fantasy. They are smiling and uncooperative. I tell them to imagine someone really nice being next to them. They giggle, so I say, "OK, it's obvious you aren't ready for this so we'll just stop." I am disappointed in them. I want to take the day off from all the activities. I go to rest and see a woman in a yellow French cut swimsuit. She is standing because she wants to relax and sun bathe but a man is there looking at her and it makes her feel uptight. Delta S. is near and I lay down on the floor to relax for a while. (127 words)
#0957 (1988-06-09)

Nate comes to the door. I let him in. He looks around and wants to know if I'm alone. I say, "No, the family is in another room." Aunt Muriel is in the room with us. Nate lays down on the couch I'm sitting on. His head is in my lap. I assure him that Aunt Muriel is really all right. I then felt worried that she heard me talk about her and went over what I said to assure myself I didn't say anything bad. (I woke up and started to try and remember early memories and then fell back asleep. I remember two dreaming images.) l) A small white hand covering up a large mouth in a purple face, so they can't speak, and 2) three baby birds feeding a very fat, round mama bird. (137 words)
#0958 (1988-06-10)

I am looking at images of what went wrong in our marriage. Lots of snapshots, interviews; I remember the color black. I am helping my bad ex-husband set up a shower. It's a lot of tall, ungainly pipes. Between us we get it set up and the cold water pours out of the shower head. I take a cold, cold shower. I am fully clothed and find a small sample bottle of shampoo in my shirt pocket. I wash my hair and arms. I feel very invigorated by the shower because it is so cold. I step out and walk jauntily past my ex-husband and all the pictures. A voice (maybe my brother, Jake) says, "Now, do me a favor. Give him the shampoo. You can work together a little bit." I realize I had selfishly kept the bottle, which had only cost 75 cents. I gave it to him. [BL] (150 words)
#0959 (1988-06-11)

I bring a box of papers and things to where Arvonne, Jock and Sheila J are seated around a table. I take out and try to find six copies of my latest newsletter to give to Sheila. As I am getting them out, Jock says, "I stopped doing mine because it scared some people." I replied that I disagreed and pointed to a tall tree trunk outside the window. I said, "See that tree. Even if someone was afraid of that tree, I'd still plant it. Then the person can learn not to be afraid. You can't not have trees because one person is afraid. Everything would shut down, if you did." (112 words)
#0961 (1988-06-12)

I lost my black purse and I am going to a concert, but some guy is looking for me. He is going to fix me. So I go to sit in the second level balcony, which is not my usual place. Then I start to retrace my steps to find the purse. I go into the restroom and walk around. It's not there. (63 words)
#0962 (1988-06-13)

I find a bird feather-shaped earring hanging caught on a zipper loop of my jumper top. It is Lucy's and I say, "Oh look, here is your earring." She says, "Oh, the other one had a break in it, a 'line,' and I think I threw it away." I said, "Look. Maybe you still have it." Merle and I are going down a hill. (64 words)
#0963 (1988-06-14)

A young girl has rheumatoid arthritis. Some people are trying to explain things to her to help her. I am crying. A nice man is going to help her. I think I am worried they can't and don't want to stir up her hopes. The man and I go into his familiar formal room. He tells me to look into a mirror with a heavy, gilded frame. I look and at first I can't see anything. Then I see me, sad, seated and a man (him). I, a happy, healthy me, stand between them trying to explain something. [BL] (98 words)
#0965 (1988-06-15)

Lucy and I are talking. She is concerned. I notice that a baby is in a crib, but the walls of the crib are down and she could fall out. She looks uncomfortable. I feel compelled to help her. I hold her for a while. Then I put her in the crib and pull up the sides so she is well protected. She suddenly feels more relaxed and closes her eyes to sleep comfortable. I go to find some videos to show George and we all decide to order up a video movie to watch for fun. I ask everyone if they want to do that and they agree. I feel guilty about leaving the baby unattended for so long. She may wake and need me, but these people need me and besides I want to have fun. I uncomfortably put aside my nervousness about her. (146 words)
#0967 (1988-06-16)

Jerome is thinking of moving on to another job. It's time. He's done all he can here. I am a little annoyed at him. He's so arrogant. I notice that everyone has learned from him and everyone has a gift for him. I call it to his attention. He hides by having his head in the Birthday/Goodbye cake. His wife - maybe he's hiding from her. Anyway, I scrape off the frosting and cake to uncover him. Later, I say, "These gifts are all for him." I take them to his office and say in a belligerent tone, "Here is a gift from someone who didn't like you, but who has changed his mind." Jerome laughs. I say, "You were a son of a bitch, you know." He agrees. There are two very long, flat and tall gifts up on his desk leaning against the wall. I give him several other gifts as well. (154 words)
#0968 (1988-06-17)

A man is trying to mount a horse. He says he likes thoroughbreds because they fight (or are strong). The horse becomes a black, long hair Persian cat. I am walking and I ask where the sheriff is. He is the actor John Ritter, very cute. He comes over to me and we talk. I am very attracted to him. We stand close together and I am very aware of his warm, caring eyes. I put my arms around him and we hug. We don't want to be separated. It is very caring and good. Sensual. He tells me he has 2 kids. The girl is moving up to the next step in her studies. She's quite smart and is advancing fast. (122 words)
#0969 (1988-06-17)

I am looking for a motel with Bonnie. I pass one with blue flowers near it. Someone else will check it out. I go into a big hotel. Bonnie and a baby girl are there. The girl is about two years old and wants to share her drink with me. She puts her blue cup up to my lips and tips it upside down. Clear liquid pours into my mouth. I notice there is mushy food stuff in there as well. I avoid the gunk and drink the liquid. Bonnie exclaims about how the little girl seems to like me. (100 words)
#0970 (1988-06-18)

I'm seated in the back seat with my mother. We're going to the airport. Someone mentions the name of the airport we're going to and I realize it's in another state. That's three thousand miles away! I say, "What's the purpose of taking a plane if we're driving all the way there just to get to the airport!" (58 words)
#0971 (1988-06-19)

Merle and I are wheeling up a hilly road. We're going to go swimming. We go into a glass building and see a pool. I tell Merle I don't have a suit or a cap. He looks a little annoyed and says, "How did you expect us to swim?" I shrugged my shoulders. He says, "Maybe there is a suit in the locker room." Three drunk men walk into the pool fully clothed. The owner comes and chases them out. He fires them. I realize that a good job is now vacant, an executive position. I decide to apply. I go into the secretary (Judy) and put in my application. The guy recognizes me and says "Now here's the best expert!" I feel pleasure. It's a vocational rehab job near the University and I'm good at DIS awareness. I whisper to Judy to be sure to tell me as soon as she knows, no special favors, but we are friends. She kind of snickers. Then I go to a room to wait. It's like a spare bedroom in Ginny and Ernie's house. Ernie's old desk, with his name on it. Ellie and the baby are there. I hold Charla. I yell, "Shut up," once and feel guilty. I change her. We decide to go downstairs and have to sit on the desk, which is an elevator. I hold Charla. (229 words)
#0973 (1988-06-19)

I am in a movie. I play one part in the morning and go to another set to play another part in the afternoon. I dress up real sexy. Three guys follow me into the elevator. I avoid eye contact to let them know I'm not interested. One guy opts to get out because I'm so cold. That's the same floor I'm getting off on, the 3rd floor. I flash my wrist to tell them I'm OK and supposed to be there. A woman says, "Go get your name band. Tell her (the secretary) your name (character name) is Pandemonium." She makes a wrist band for me. I think this is all a lot of fun, playing different parts and lots of people around me. (125 words)
#0974 (1988-06-19)

Jock is in a tuxedo with rhinestones all over it. I am choosing a dress to wear to the department prom. I have on a white dress, skinny halter top, showing lots of midriff. I want more color. I ask a woman to tack on bunches of ribbons. She asks where. I say here, at my waist. I notice the dress is now red and green striped, very colorful. (69 words)
#0975 (1988-06-20)

Lucy is driving my car. I am giving her directions, like backup. "Go straight. Stop now! You've only got another foot to a slight drop off." I couldn't imagine why I just didn't do the driving. It would be easier and safer. Jake is in the pickup as well. We are in a parking lot. We park and get out. Jake is being very apologetic and I say, "Don't over help." They go ahead and I try to catch up. I call out, "Sandy." I'm in an intersection. A crowd is gathering. There is some ceremony where money is being given to a disability cause. I see Lucy and Jake and then I am crowded in by many, many tall men. I look around and exclaim, "So tall! It's not fair!" They can see well. I'm all smashed up against some guy's beige polyester suit. Cameras are everywhere. They can't see me I'm so crowded in. Some man says,"Where do we donate?" And a man says, "It's already been done." The money's here already and I notice I'm standing right at the center of the attention where a round baseball is. The crowd has suddenly thinned out. The cameras are gone. The excitement is over. [BL] (205 words)
#0976 (1988-06-21)

Dovre comes to me upset. I suggest to her that she create a ritual, a ceremony, and then she'll feel better. I suggest that she go outside to the big bathtub and I'll lay her down in the water. I tell her to think of the words she wants said over her. I feel a little tired, but agree to do the ceremony with her or for her. I also tell her to think of what to say to other people ahead of time. I give her examples for my mother and for Jake. I say, "So if Jake says, 'Yeah! That's stupid,' you can say, 'I can see you don't agree with my decision, but I think it's important.'" Something about religion. Something about a baby. I pick up an unfinished crocheted rug, round, in pastel baby colors, and start to crochet. I tell Dwight that if he wants me to make one for his baby, it would cost a lot. It feels good to be doing my crafts again. (171 words)
#0977 (1988-06-22)

There is a tunnel up ahead and there was a rock slide in it. We all can't go in there, only a few selected journalists can go in. The guy and I are sort of competing for the honor. We get chosen. We go on ahead. There is some danger and one of us, the woman, is being foolhardy and putting us into possible danger. (65 words)
#0978 (1988-06-23)

I go into a town on the coast. I've shopped there before, but I'd never stayed so long or go so deeply into the town. I am enjoying the book shop or library. Then I'm in a hotel room. The room next door has a piano and I hear classical music. It's time for the kids and me to take a nap. They squiggle around and are not cooperative. My huge xerox machine is not working right. Copies come out on ripped paper or are buried under old papers. A woman helps me. I finally get a clear copy. I see my cousin Sonja; I ask her if she's all right. She grimaces, she's "OK." I have a huge fat, short, pink cigarette and I want to smoke, it but I can barely fit it in my mouth. I borrow a wooden match from Sonja. I light it and puff frantically. She helps me by putting lots of matches in the cigarette end to try to catch them all on fire. (171 words)
#0979 (1988-06-24)

I am peeking into "Brenda's" purse and find a long, rectangular metal box that is full of junk. It's my box. I put things back and realize that I haven't remembered the exact placement, so she'll know I've been invading her privacy. I feel embarrassed but, oh, well, some woman sees me and asks what I'm doing. I ignore her. Brenda's husband drives home and parks the red convertible on a rounded, semi-dome driveway. I think the dome on the mansion is better, more authentic. Brenda puts things up on the wall. She's still angry at me, and then she needs my help. She wants me to watch dinner for her and I agree, hoping this will make up for the peeking. I look in the skillet and see the meat frying. "Dog Meat," I say, disgusted. The other woman plops in a big candied ham. I feel a little better. (151 words)
#0980 (1988-06-25)

I am seated on a couch. Ellie comes in and is upset. She sits on the other end of the couch facing me. We talk. My mother comes in and sits in a chair beside Ellie, also facing me. She asks questions of Ellie, and I interrupt and say, "Ellie has had a rough time. She needs quiet or support." My mother looks at me and says something like, "That comment was meant for me, wasn't it?" I lie and say,"No, I was talking about Ellie's situation." I feel embarrassed, caught and vulnerable. (93 words)
#0981 (1988-06-25)

I am handed a program by my sister Lydia. First she brings me a bowl of ice cream and an apple pie slice. I ask if there is sugar in it. She says yes. I say, "I guess I have to find out sometime if its OK to eat." I eat it and am o.k. I am looking at the instructions in the book she gave me. A man is watching, behind me. I start to cry, deep hurtful sobs and he says, "You there, the one crying, shut up." As he says, "Shut up," I yell at him, "Shut up." I keep crying. I write down who has helped me to find myself. I write Peter and then add me and Peter, me and ____, me and ____. I also write in Bonnie and Ginny. I see a miniature man's hat. I'm supposed to put it on. One the next page is a note to me if I decide not to go on. It's a pep talk of some kind. (171 words)
#0982 (1988-06-26)

I am visiting a historical home of Edgar Allen Poe. I walk down several flights of carpeted stairs that are steep, with no handrails. I have to be careful and I trip and slip a few times. I go into his bedroom. There is a man laying on his bed, which is a water bed. The shirt (blue flowers on a white background) is over the body of the man, head and all. He gets up and leaves. I go out into the hall and say, "Which wa?." "You choose," is the answer. There is a narrow stairway going down. I pass it and go across the hall to the Press Room. He has a letter press. I touch the metal letters and symbols in awe. I see "mats" of advertising and see sports emblems, noticing one for the Grizzlers (M City High). I am pleased. I think they must be bored here because they always see the same samples. I turn and go back down the hall. I turn left into his parents' bedroom. The dresser looks ordinary, but the bed is strange. There's an open hole in the middle with metal pieces, like a dining room table that opens to put in extra leaves. I think, "That must be where they keep the extra blankets and covers." (219 words)
#0983 (1988-06-27)

A young woman didn't get her money back right away and she's crying and won't listen to reason. Bonnie and I send her on her way, laughing at her gently. I find a sticker to put on the spine of a book and have some difficulty getting it to stay stuck. Bonnie has found some food she really loves. It is like a spread to put on crackers. Two ingredients are put together. She says, "It is so delicious." She just can't wait to taste it again. She is quite excited. "Try it," she says. I see a platter with graham crackers and saltine spread with a thin layer of stuff. I choose the saltine, cause it doesn't have sugar. "Hum," I say, "It does taste good." I'm not as thrilled as Bonnie. Now I'm going into a house to take the baby to visit Grandma. A nice man is there. He dives into a pool of water to adjust the pipes. He is very helpful. It's time to leave. He'd like me to stay and visit. I take the baby to Grandma to say goodbye for awhile. (188 words)
#0984 (1988-06-28)

I am at a meeting and feel pleased to be included with such excellent people. I am aware that I have the least qualifications of them all. I only have a Master's Degree and I wear a silly hat (like Evangeline's). They are warm and receptive to me. The leader drives up. I change places to the other side of the table. Someone says, "Will he know where the center is?" The woman leader says, "Center stage is where every B is." I feel very happy and pleased. (88 words)
#0985 (1988-06-29)

Lucy sits next to me at a restaurant, long table. She announces that she is naked under her blanket. She just didn't feel like wearing clothes. We are tasting food. The wife of the restaurant owner wants our opinion. I want to leave and go home. The "games" there are uncomfortable. First I'm going to shampoo my hair. I am in a room and a man watches. I use too much shampoo and spill it into a small container. Now Elizabeth Taylor is taking a bath. A man in a leather jacket comes in, opening 3 wallets with credit cards and money. He says, "This is what I offer. All you have to give is you." I'm a little disgusted and want Elizabeth to leave but she doesn't want to. So I leave. [BL] (133 words)
#0986 (1988-06-30)

I am made president and it makes a man nervous. He tells me if I don't think I can do it, I'd better step down because otherwise I'll be jeopardizing others. Then I am introducing Eddie D and his wife to the President Ronald Reagan. Eddie is overcome and cries and hugs the president. Then I am dabbing hot milk on my nipples. So is Arvonne in the other room. It hurts and we are saying "Oh, ouch," etc. (79 words)
#0987 (1988-07-01)

I go into a room, a bedroom, and find some cousins there that I didn't know very well. His name is Russ and he's sleeping on the floor by the bed, between the bed and the wall, wrapped in a blanket. His wife greets me and we hug and talk. Then we are sitting next to a car. Russ and I are seated so close I'm practically in his lap. I become aware that that is too intimate, so I get in the car (VW). I say, "Who is going to drive, you or me?" He doesn't care, so I decide to drive and get in the driver's seat. Then I see that a group of rowdies has him and they are walking down the road. I want to save him and get him away from the influences of this gang. (141 words)
#0988 (1988-07-02)

A man comes to the door and says "Where's the Party?" I say "Oh! Are we having a party?" I call out to Millie, "Are we having a party?" She says, "Yes." I take the guy out to the back yard. He's the first one here. He gives me the sack he brought. I pour out forks, knives, and spoons. "Good idea," I say. There is also chicken and other meats. I nibble on a piece of chicken. (78 words)
#0989 (1988-07-02)

I am in a house. A man comes in. He and I used to be lovers and then I gave him to another woman. He's looking for her. She won't answer his letters. He misses her. I talk to him and encourage him to keep trying. She comes in and I try to talk her into giving him more time. I think about taking him back. Then I leave the house. A group of older women had just left and are together gossiping. I don't feel like I belong with them. I walk on, alone. I'm trying to get to my house (old M City House), and walk up a dirt path. I see a man leading a cow, which then meows. I tease him about, "What kind of animal is it really?" It then looks like a goat. I turn left and walk across a field to my house. (150 words)
#0990 (1988-07-03)

I am holding a baby and we are at the ocean. The waves go way far back and roll up to where we are. I hold the baby and she leans back, submersing her face under water, and holding her breath. I am very proud of her and say, "Look Dwight, how she holds her breath and doesn't choke on the water." We get up out of the water. Dwight has gone on ahead. An inspector comes up and wants information about Dwight. We go to the pickup and he looks around. I say, "You won't find anything." He gets in the driver's seat and as he is driving, I calmly tell him, "We don't have any brakes, you know." He pumps the brakes and sure enough there aren't any. He drives up a grassy hill, telling the cars on the freeway to the left, "Look out, boys." They aren't helpful. (151 words)
#0992 (1988-07-04)

I am a conductor on a train. There are three people and I lecture them on behaving. Just as the train starts up, a man crawls in through the window. A stowaway. I nab him and sit him down, demanding money for the trip. He reluctantly pulls out 2 or 3 dollars. I am disdainful and judgmental. (57 words)
#0994 (1988-07-06)

I come into the room walking pretty good, almost dancing. Paulina is going to give me a massage. Arvonne is there helping me and my daughter Paulina is jealous and curls up around me, glaring at Arvonne. Arvonne explains to her there is nothing to be upset about. She isn't interfering with our relationship. (54 words)
#0995 (1988-07-07)

I have to go to the bathroom. I find a stall and sit down on the toilet. I hear lots of water sloshing and smell urine. I realize that I have sat down on a toilet that was full to the brim and dragged my skirts in the urine and water. I attempt to get the skirt out of the water. I try to urinate. It feels like I have a bladder infection. Small quantities come out and it's hard to push. I look over the short stall door and chat with a woman in the next stall. I get up to return to where I was, either counseling or a class, very aware of how I smell of urine. I feel embarrassed but know there isn't much I can do about it. Some guy wants me to counsel him. I am not interested in helping. I notice I have square boxes on my feet. I must have accidentally stepped in them and can't get them off. I see Dylan and ask him to help me. He does, smiling at my predicament in a friendly, teasing way. I slide down the hall, unable to stop easily. (196 words)
#0996 (1988-07-07)

Now I come out of my house. I see a girl (Mexican) named Maria who is burrowing herself into the sand. She lives in a foster home nearby. I go to her. I can only see her face as the rest of her is buried in the sand. I try to speak in Spanish, but switch to English because she's losing interest and will disappear if I don't make myself clear. I invite her to visit my house, explaining that she can watch soap operas on TV (we could hear them from the house). She agrees reluctantly and follows me into the house. I am wearing a wedding ring, two of them. One is a store demo that has two words written on it. Bonnie is in the house. (129 words)
#0998 (1988-07-09)

Millie is desperate to get a job. The feeling is she can't get one. She isn't qualified. She hears about a job and goes to apply. Lots of other women are there. She rushes in ahead of this other woman and says, "They've already hired someone." The other woman turned away and Millie went in. Now we are in a house. A huge candle is in the living room. She and I notice the hot wax has made a hole and is going to fill it up and drip over the edges. She says, "I'll watch it so it won't drip." I say, "No, we'd better not burn the candle." A boy is very disappointed. Then the boy and his brother see some German soldiers conspiring to kill my grandfather who is asleep in his bed. The boys crawl under the bed to save themselves. The boy says to the younger one, "If you make a sound, we'll die. Promise me no matter what happens, you will be silent." He promises. The woman soldier comes in with a machine gun and kills the grandfather. The boys are silently sobbing. Then the woman goes away and the boy goes to find her to kill her in revenge. He sees her and rushes to her, grabbing her by the throat and choking her near to death. Other soldiers, officers, men saying, "Don't do it. Let the system kill her and then you won't be hurt." She sneers and says, "What evidence do you have? It's my word against yours." The boy says, "My brother saw you too." (265 words)
#0999 (1988-07-10)

It is nearing summer and I want to get my P.E. teacher's permission to work on my Master's project before she leaves for vacation. I ask Libby where Mrs. K. is. She's gone. "So where is Mrs. Six (high school English teacher)?" She's gone too. So I decide to go on vacation. Libby wishes me well. (She is English dept. sec.) I walk down this dirt jungle path and see creatures that are large birds (sort of cat faces and you can ride them). One is wild. I wonder if it's going to hurt me. Then I see it has a baby and I'm holding it. The mama is very upset and threatens me. I am careful not to hurt the baby. She watches me carefully. We form a tower. I see the village up ahead where I will stay and work. I try to imagine it as primitive huts, etc. I go into the house of my host family. It's nice. The family is in the dining room, down some steps. They see me and come up to welcome me. She points out my bed in the corner of the living room and he shows me a counter near it where I can eat. (205 words)
#1000 (1988-07-11)

Lots of images: driving, brothers, race. Dancing, but as I got closer to the drummer/musicians, I noticed he was off beat. I had to concentrate to keep up. Exercise. Throwing semi-deflated balls around. Nobody cooperating. Several out of shape flabby men had heart attacks and were laying around feeling shaky and miserable. I thought to myself, "I know what they feel like." (62 words)
#1001 (1988-07-12)

I am laying on a couch with a baby. A man sits across the room watching. I am trying to persuade the baby to scoot closer and cuddle to go to sleep. I am a little awkward. I see a room full of books. I talk about a Christmas dinner and how the kind I am used to seems the right kind. Imagine! Other people eat things like sauerkraut and think that's normal. (73 words)
#1002 (1988-07-12)

I return "home" to show something to Ellie and see Arvonne is out near the door. I am upset that I have to go past her and she will see me. I go past and show Ellie my long chain of linked key chains. She shows me hers of equal length. Arvonne shows hers. I am surprised she enters into the discussion. We all sit at a long table. Arvonne says, "It's a good thing we've taken the afternoon because it will take lots of time for her to share all about her new boyfriend." I think, "Humm. Another one so soon. She's fast." I take a sip of oxygen off a tube out of the wall because we are on another planet and we need oxygen. Merle comes and joins us. I notice he is thinner and better-looking. I ask him how he does something. He growls, "That's personal. I won't tell you." "Well," I say, "You sure are in a grumpy mood. What's so personal about that? I'd ask anyone that question." I am aware that Arvonne had been ready to share and we were using the time focused on someone else. I felt badly. (197 words)
#1005 (1988-07-13)

I'm in a show. I want to do a solo. A guy wants to join me and I refuse. Then I look on stage and there's a group of classmates improvving. I realize it's better work in a group and join them, inviting the guy to join us. I still manage to be in the center stage area and emote well. I'm the best. (64 words)
#1006 (1988-07-13)

My sister Lydia and I are moving into my brother's old room, the big blue room. It's a mess. Lydia and I had been sleeping on stage, our heads of the beds nearest the audience, so we saw the back of the stage. We slept in twin beds side by side. Now I am sweeping the boys' room which is an extension of the stage area. There are two big windows, lots of dirt and grime on the wall under the windows. I sweep and sweep and notice some burnt logs from a fire. I put the logs in a fireplace "closet." The place hasn't ever looked this clean. I decide it would be nice to remodel the fireplace into a closet to put clothes. I can't decide whether to keep the beds where they are or to put them in the alcove with the windows. I decide to put them in the alcove, even as I decide to feel some regret over not being on stage. Then I decide that area can be our play area. We can divide it in half: half hers, half mine. I go out into the audience area. I ask someone if it will be too expensive making the fireplace into a closet. They say no. I guess it's OK. Someone says, "You really looked scared when the play started, but it was good, it worked with the lines." I said, "I really was scared!" They said, "I'll never forget how you said the first line, something like, "After all --- ain't it like the boys." (262 words)
#1007 (1988-07-14)

I am going to go to town. I notice we are approaching wet ground and I am somewhat concerned we don't slide into the ocean. We turn parallel to the shallow water and start to go through an archway. I then see the real ocean and a huge brown wave surging through the door. We back up hurriedly so as not to be drowned. Later, we go through the doorway, looking carefully for more waves. (75 words)
#1008 (1988-07-14)

I am in a wheelchair. Someone says, "Let's go downstairs and make fresh bread." I pull my chair around me like a deflated flotation device. I call Michael over. He's driving a two-seater with a small truck bed behind it, quite fancy. I ask him if he were to get a set of tools, which ones would he get? I don't want him to know I'm thinking of getting him some tools as a gift. A man calls us over. He's upset we're all in chairs, or maybe I'm thinking he might be upset. He says, "Well, for instance, what if I was black instead of white?" Lucy says it wouldn't make any difference to her. She's blind. [BL] (118 words)
#1009 (1988-07-15)

My male attendant and I are standing next to an old junky car. He tells me to wait, stand there and wait while he arranges the broken front seat. He isn't very effective and it takes a long time, I am annoyed. I go use the women's bathroom and come back. He says "Oh, I thought it was broken." I said, "No, that wasn't the men's room. The plumbing is broken there. I used the women's room and it worked fine." (81 words)
#1011 (1988-07-15)

The Hitler Dream. My boyfriend and I are going up hill. I am on a train or in a wheelchair. My boyfriend sees Hitler and feels he must introduce me to Hitler. I want to be with my boyfriend, but as soon as Hitler sees me, he decides he wants to have sex with me. I have no choice. I feel trapped, resigned, scared. But before he can hurt me, I must be seen by either a priest or a counselor, I'm not sure which. It saves me. It intervenes and he (Hitler) goes away. The priest or counselor stands behind me and sort of hovers over me. (108 words)
#1012 (1988-07-15)

The Arkansas Dream. Jolene and I are somewhere. A man comes by. I tell him Jolene is going to Arkansas and I tell her he's from my Arkansas hometown. He's either an old friend or a cousin. I am also aware I've rarely or never been to Arkansas. Before she goes, we decide to go down some stairs (even though I'm in a wheelchair. It's a bumpy ride.) We get to an open place. Jim, the community college priest, is fat and smiley. He comes over and tells me he's going to buy some illicit drugs. He puts on a see through plastic bag and goes to a sale table. I am quite surprised at this. I also see a woman wearing an old-fashioned, long skirted ruffly dress in Scotts plaid. Her plastic bag has the same plaid. I can't see who she is. I say, "I think I've seen that nightgown before." I then decide to go shopping. I see rows and rows of colorful yarn - pinks, blues, whites and a beautiful Irish knit bedspread. I touch it and notice it is polyester 4 ply, lightweight and slick. But the pattern is pretty. I see several others and think I'd like to have one. (206 words)
#1013 (1988-07-17)

The Pushed Aside Dream. I created an idea for a skit and then I see some famous actress doing my part, Jill St. James. I think she and two actors put jock straps on over their pants. It's a statement about women being oppressed. Now I'm with a group of women and we're doing the skit. I comment to some woman that I had the idea first, really. I feel a little embarrassed, like I'm being immodest or pushy. I look at the script because I can't remember exactly how it goes. We go to a men's auto shop class and begin. I play the part of a welfare mom. The man says there's no space available for me and I eloquently say, "If I were a man, there would be. I'm a welfare mom, etc. etc." It was well received. Now the group bows and I prepare to bow, the group keeps getting larger until I'm off in a corner by the wall and no one can see me at the end of the line. The applause is warm. As we prepare to leave, a man who is a manager is interested in my SKILLS. (196 words)
#1014 (1988-07-18)

I am carrying a baby around with me. I cuddle it and kiss it. It goes with me wherever I go. I go the bathroom. As I am sitting on the toilet a man (older) comes in and chats with me, very nonchalant. I say, "Oh, I don't have any toilet paper." He brings me some. (56 words)
#1016 (1988-07-19)

The boss, who is a vampire, I think, calls me in. I'm in the middle of preparation. He tries on a collar. His helper tries it on and says remember, I have a very short neck. The boss smiles and says with pride, "I have a very long one, of course." I enter and he says, "I might ask you to recon the cost of the dinner." I say, "Oh, I can already. If your figures are correct, and I know mine are, we should make a profit of over half the cost on the dinner." (96 words)
#1020 (1988-07-21)

Engagement to Jack P. Three girls each dressed in white, lacy, long dresses come into my room. I admire their pretty dresses. Then their "mother" takes them down the hall to see their grandmother. She's asleep in her bed and wakes up. I see her sleepy face. She is Jack P's wife. I am packing and I pick up my engagement ring and try it on different fingers. I am engaged to Jack P, which feels strange since he's married. I notice the ring is very cheap. (87 words)
#1021 (1988-07-21)

I am picking rocks and bird seed out of the dirt and throwing them to the animals. The bigger animals try to eat the good bird seed and I look for bigger rocks to give them. I find piles of white agate and crystal. Then I find carved horses and birds that go together like my wind chime. I am surprised. What's this man-made thing doing out here in the woods? A helicopter or plane lands. It's there to take me somewhere. I decide to go to work, using the short cut walking through the woods and up the hills. The girls and I walk, trying to stay hidden from the helicopter people. (113 words)
#1022 (1988-07-24)

I am playing cards with a woman. I start a bid that could lead to grand slam. She does a preemptive bid, asking about my clubs. I see I have a long suit with no high cards. So does she. (The clubs are pretend.) I am surprised to see us playing bridge because we had started playing some other game. And there are only two of us. I decide to signal that we haven't enough to make grand slam and we play. I am the dummy. (86 words)
#1023 (1988-07-24)

"Kathy" is going. She gets into her old 1940's car. I am supposed to follow in my car with her puppy. I run after her with the puppy because I think she forgot it, and ask if it's all right if she take it and save me a trip. I feel guilty. I help her roll up her window so the puppy won't escape. She's a little annoyed, but she agrees and drives off. (74 words)
#1025 (1988-07-25)

Some woman is annoyed with me because she gave me some information and I didn't get it back to her. I agree to get it for her. I get the papers and remember I was going to xerox it first -- it's a lot of information on music. I take it to a xerox machine. An office worker wants to know if I've been watching Hank because he has refused to make a copy of what he was supposed to copy. I say, "No, I haven't." Hank walks in and I say, "Hi Hank," to alert the other woman not to talk about him. I try to xerox. It is hard. There is a lot to copy. I ask Jock to help me. He does. Then I have to go to my dorm room to get more knitted clothes that belong to the woman. We pass a busy military-like man who has helicopter-like machine displays. Get to my room and Jock/Abner gets the clothes, sometimes getting my own clothes almost mixed up with the others. I look up at the ceiling and say, "What happened to my ceiling?" It has ribbon bows on it and the asbestos is on it. It's a mess. Someone explains, but I don't remember the reason. [BL] (211 words)
#1026 (1988-07-27)

I am going to go riding with Tyler and Jerome. They are on bikes. I'm on a motorbike. We go down steep stairs. Libby brings me some baskets. Co-worker Juliet is planning for the OCA conference and has brought knit dresses with markings and symbols on them so people can play interesting games. Someone brings in gifts for Libby and me, small corsages of flowers. I reach for one. It has a folded hankie on it (like the one Aunt Esther gave me when she died). I feel guilty that I reached for the best one and assure Libby I'm just looking. I see the letters POPP embroidered on one. (110 words)
#1027 (1988-07-31)

Lucy is looking for some stairs. I give her verbal directions. She's on her hands and knees and isn't very good at following my directions. I am annoyed. I tell her she's in front of some plants. She knocks them over. Then she breaks the first step. I am not going up the steps, but they turn into a machine that will catch my hands and fingers if I'm not careful. My fingers get caught and I think I'm dreaming. I can change this. I think about getting my hands out and I succeed! (94 words)
#1029 (1988-08-04)

Someone is making 200 copies of a story or newsletter. They are in a hurry because they are moving. They put the copies at the end of our sidewalk in a cubby hole. I walk the long sidewalk because I see the mailman coming. A woman in a white jacket walks by and asks if we need any house numbers. I see we already have our numbers, "995." She goes on asking each person if they need numbers. The mailman goes by and doesn't leave any mail. I ask him if we get any. He says no. (97 words)
#1030 (1988-08-06)

I am at Thea's house and can't get what I want. Someone tells me that Howard has died. I think, "Oh, so young. Only 44 years old." I feel sad and know it will be sadder over the next few days. I go to get my car, which is broken. There are two, a van and a spiffy car. I think, "I can't use the car because my chair won't fit in." The mechanic is busy and tells me he can't fix it yet and gives me a reason. I tell him I need it because Howard died and that is a stronger reason. He doesn't care. I then remember there will be an inheritanc, but I will have to fight for it. I think, "I'll use the inheritance to get a degree in psychology, another two years of school." I sit in a chair like the swim lift chair and want it to go forward, but someone set the brakes and it tries to go forward like a train (chug chug chug chug) and folds over itself and is broken. [BL] (181 words)
#1032 (1988-08-09)

I am in a swimming pool. It is very crowded. We have to do our exercise in unison to make room for us all! There is an older boss and his son, the younger boss. We are talking, about a war, I think, with China. I draw a big black line around the Canadian border and Michigan Lake on a large map. This is where the outline of the war area is. I marvel at the large spaces they expect to rule now that they have won the war. How will they do it? (94 words)
#1036 (1988-08-12)

There is a policeman and he and I are somewhere. We are going to make a report, but I have a handcuff on my left wrist, dangling unattached to anything. I ask him as a favor to take it off me before we go in because I don't want anyone to think I'm the criminal. Later we are going to go stay at a motel, but I decide we will go home instead. He is disappointed. I try to reassure him. He can still sleep with me, but it's not the same. (92 words)
#1037 (1988-08-13)

I am in a play. The rehearsal went fine. I'm in a manual chair, up on my knees. I'm wearing a pink straightjacket and must get out of it before I can help the injured woman's shapes lying on the gym floor. I struggle with the jacket, telling myself to relax, I will get out, don't be embarrassed. The other woman goes out and gathers up the shapes as I continue to struggle. I rear back to get the jacket off and fall back in the chair. I get up quickly. The jacket is off. I say to the audience something like, "It's OK." (104 words)
#1038 (1988-08-14)

Kaun's wheelchair is at the President's Corner. The Entertainment Center. Ellie can't remember the names of the streets there. I want her to get oil, but she's not very cooperative. I see children playing, and two soft cuddly dogs sit in the middle of a narrow street. I say, "They might get run over!" I go out and pick them up. They are cute and soft. Then I am smoking a cigarette and Steve looks at me surprised and pleased. He's smoking one too and we light each other's cigarette with our eyes meeting intensely. An instructor wants all of us to do our exercises and we aren't very cooperative. Noisy, not attentive. She's tired and annoyed. We have some games in the living room for each of us. (129 words)
#1039 (1988-08-15)

Jerome drives. We are leaving T City and going back to work. Jerome is driving; we are a sort of motorcycle gang. He leaves at 10:00 Sunday night to get there at night so we can start work Monday morning. Somehow I get surprised. He had left and come back or something. (52 words)
#1041 (1988-08-18)

I have 15 grown sons and they are worried because they've broken some rule or minor infraction. They're going to run for the hills or do something drastic. I am counseling them to just not make such a big deal about it and fess up. No one will really care. They tell me how they might end up in jail or something horrible. (63 words)
#1042 (1988-08-18)

I am walking to work and am wearing my ratty comfortable man's shirt. A boy comes up and says, "Nice shirt," then I realize I'm on my way to work and I should be dressed up better as I am sort of important. I imagine that I've worn a white shirt under the old shirt. (55 words)
#1044 (1988-08-19)

I am intrigued with a huge mirror on the outside of an already interesting house I've moved into. I comment on how many mirrors there are in this house. I also see a box that has glass all over it (made of glass) and has miniatures inside. I look and like them. They are pretty. I go inside the house and see a girl with three keys. I am concerned, so I ask her how she got in. She smiles and says that Shane gave her a key. I don't believe her and am suspicious that she's going to steal things. I go outside and tell someone so they'll be warned. Now a neighbor comes up to me and we greet each other. One of us asks if we had done our greetings correctly. Something about travel. (137 words)
#1045 (1988-08-20)

I have a new roommate and am working out stuff. I decide to take off for awhile. I get on an old motorcycle and take off, find an autobahn and choose an exit to the river. I almost do not go but decide it's OK. I look like Suzanne (the Interpreter.) When I return the next morning, my roommates are concerned and worried. "Where were you last night?" I am annoyed they want to know and that someone tells them. (80 words)
#1046 (1988-08-21)

We are on a train that isn't on tracks, but we are about to enter a tunnel where there are tracks. We have to find American Converter seat belts. We click them on and go, but there are problems. The train engineer isn't cooperating. Cindy tells me to get their phone numbers from John. I go to John, but he won't give me the numbers. He is in mutiny and we can't get home now. I remember then that I have the numbers and I'm a pack rat and don't ever throw anything out. I find the numbers and hide them. Then we are in a train station and I want to see someone who loves me, so I conjure up Darryl. I don't really see him, but I respond as if he's there. I go over to him and he says, "You don't have to sit near me." I feel hurt and rejected. Even him! Time to go buy gifts and souvenirs. I'm not happy. (166 words)
#1047 (1988-08-23)

I see Dean Martin strumming his guitar. I remark on his very broad shoulders. Then I'm in my maroon nightgown and Ellie and I get into my sports car. I'm impressed with the steering. I drive it up a hill. It handles well. Then I go to my cousin's house. I look out a window and see this Tarzan guy (my husband, I think) standing on a high cliff. He's going to drive like Superman into a creek. A woman watches and is horrified when he jumps because she doesn't know his skills and powers. I smile cause I know he's OK. (102 words)
#1048 (1988-08-24)

Three different scenes where I misplaced or couldn't find poems or other people's creative writing that I was going to incorporate into a program I was in charge of. I would look for the goodies, but all I would find are underwear, or earrings, or hard case eye glass cases that opened up into purses. It was the bus driver's fault and I had to come into the place I was to make a speech late. The audience was waiting. I explained that some of my speech is missing, but that we can manage. (94 words)
#1050 (1988-08-29)

I am being given a pretty, white Persian kitten for doing some errand or favor. I feel mildly guilty for needing a reward for doing something nice. I realize I have to go collect the kitten. I was only given an example of what she looks like. Some pages I need are missing. I look for them and remember I'd put them in another book. I feel frustrated. (68 words)
#1051 (1988-09-06)

I am flying in a cloud tunnel and I see out the opening at the other end. Some flying creature is there and is coming toward me. I think, "I sure hope it's a good creature!" I will it to be so even as I avert my eyes for fear it is a horrible, hurtful creature. (56 words)
#1053 (1988-09-07)

Lucy rubs my ears. A neighbor is upset because we are selling our things on their part of the sidewalk. He says, "I wouldn't mind so much if it weren't for the nigger." I feel very disapproving of his racist attitude and purse my lips, wondering if I should speak up about my disapproval. (54 words)
#1054 (1988-09-07)

Lucy comes to me and we are supposed to sell the rest of the leftover hot dogs, but I don't want to encroach on the neighbor again. I feel he has some right to not want us on his property. So Lucy says, "Shall I rub your ears and brush your hair?" I say, "Oh yes. Thanks. I would love that." Rochelle stands there and wants us to get to work and not waste time just being pleasurable. (78 words)
#1055 (1988-09-10)

I am in a living room and Phyllis G is laying on her back naked on a coffee table. A man is making love to her and I am watching. My man is in the kitchen and will come back presently and we will make love. I feel embarrassed. I see Phyllis's mouth all pouty and sexy and her eyes closed in concentration. Suddenly she flips over on her tummy and this throws the guy off his stride and he can't find where to put his penis. She stands up and says, "That's the way he and I always did it. But it's OK. Don't worry. I don't want you to think he's the only one I've done it with." (120 words)
#1056 (1988-09-11)

I got into a fight with another woman. I was mean and wanted to hurt her. I had to go get something downstairs. I had to slide down a steep gravely path. Bonnie said, "I'll help you," and reached up with her hand to steady me. I then noticed there were stairs and I could do it myself. I got on an elevator and wanted to go to the 3rd floor. I couldn't seem to find the right button. The elevator door wouldn't close, so I could watch the floors go by. I finally asked a woman to find #3. I didn't have my glasses on. (106 words)
#1058 (1988-09-13)

I am at my son's house (he's black). I play a violin. At first I just play random notes. I realize I am remembering how to play songs and my son is impressed with my skill. Then I go to visit a friend. I am an old black man. My friend and I stand in front of his place, an old hotel. He says, "Why did you call me out here?" I said, "Because I wanted to tell you what happened without anyone else around because I can't tell you without clenching my fists." Then I go to a pile of my belongings and choose two small "windshield" paintings I'd done to give to his wife as a gift. I notice that I'm a good artist. I'd drawn a picture of some woodland creatures. We go upstairs. I knock open the door. Lots of some family is in there. I introduce my spouse and two sons and apologize for being so many. The wife welcomes us. I see her sewing; she has three sewing machines. Ginny points out some dresses and blouses she made hanging in an open closet. Her stepson picks up something for her. I say, "I must go catch the bus," but first I see a group of people dancing. I stand limping on the sidelines watching. Ginny looks at me compassionately. Skip and Cheryl are dancing. He looks at me, staring at my limp. I glare at him until he drops his eyes. Then I see the bus; it's full. Then I remember I should dye my newsletter green. I try to do it quickly, it only spots some places. I get frustrated. (It isn't going to look good, as usual.) I go catch the bus, putting two important small packages in my pink bag. (299 words)
#1059 (1988-09-14)

I am busy organizing things when a cat falls into a river and gets its baby bunting suit wet. I get it out of the water and am preparing to change its clothes. I call out to this guy to fix lunch and tell him what I meant. I turn to shut the door and two small calico kitties are trying to sneak in. I push them back through with my foot and try to slide the door shut. They keep finding ways to poke their heads in. Finally I shut them out and turn to see that the man made a more complicated lunch than I had requested. I am annoyed that he didn't do it like I said and tell him so. (124 words)
#1060 (1988-09-15)

I was swimming in a lake and noticed the water level was going down fast. The lake drained out entirely and I saw creepy white crustacean and fish crawling around on the new exposed surface. I thought, "Ugh. I was swimming around with those ugly things?" Some were that white that denotes never sees the light of day, like maggots. (60 words)
#1061 (1988-09-15)

Then I'm on a couch and I have a little sickly duck that I sit next to the black night watch cat. There are 3 of them, black fuzzy Persians that have sharp, prominent teeth. They eat the duckling and I feel sick that I let that happen. Then I hear voices and slide down on the couch so no one can see me. I see three politicians like Haldeman, dishonest types sneaking out of a house and I listen in to their plans, hoping they don't see me. (89 words)
#1062 (1988-09-17)

They won't let me sing my song. I'm a new member of a rock group, playing a guitar. The other members bring in new songs they've written and we do them. Then I shyly say, "I've written a song." The woman member sneers at me and says, "No. Not now." I say, "It's a good song. It has dynamics and really rocks." I was thinking she'd think it was badly written and wimpy. She isn't convinced. Another woman, as I had given up, says to me, "Let me try to convince her." The man singer kind of teases me. I say, "Hey, yours wasn't all that hot. I heard off-key notes and sometimes you were off beat. You were so noisy, you didn't hear yourself." He didn't believe me. (129 words)
#1064 (1988-09-17)

I go to find Lucy. I knock at her door. One of her children calls, "Come in." I see that most of the furniture is moved out. I ask if Lucy is here. "She's in the kitchen." So I walk to the kitchen and look out the back window and see her grooming her horse. I remember she loved that horse and must be feeling sad to leave it. A phone rings and she tells one of the kids to be sure and answer it. I realize that I will be able to talk to her if she comes in to get the phone. I walk toward the phone in the living room. Lucy comes in,; she is naked. She gets up on the wooden rickety table (the only furniture left) and undoes the lamp fixture in the ceiling. There are lots of cobwebs. She tells the girls to be careful of the strings. I say, "I know you're busy, but could you tell me, in a nutshell, what made you do this? Just a few months ago, you were not going to have him and now you're gone." [BL] (189 words)
#1065 (1988-09-21)

I am being introduced as a performer and the guy is teasing me. He says, "I know what I'll do. I'll announce your age. I know you are 55 years old." I laugh and tease back, "Then I'll just not respond, so there. If you say, 'So, you are 55 years old', I'll just say, "Yeah." I walk away from him laughing. I then ask who's going to sing the song. The doctor says the name or names. I say, "Oh, I thought maybe I would. Oh, well." Then I go out to find a bathroom. (96 words)
#1066 (1988-09-23)

I am on a journey with a group of people. We are walking sort of single file on a woody, narrow trail. I look at one of the people who is standing transfixed, unmoving, at the intense beauty of the mountains, the waters, all that we can see. I am also intensely caught by the beauty of this place. Then we see antelope and polar bear together and sense some danger. They will kill each other for food (at least the bear will.) Our group starts moving back down the trail toward better possible safety. As we are retreating, I hear four beeps go off, the real danger alarm. What timing! I go to find my place to be of help, wondering what the emergency can be. A nun calls my name. I go to her and she tells me of this disabled boy who needs help. I am to help him. (152 words)
#1067 (1988-09-23)

I am walking up a curvy road, on the side shoulder where there's gravel and leaves. A man steps wrong and twists his ankle. I go to help him. He tells me he is a writer. I tell him so am I. I have a newsletter for beginning writers. I also tell him I live in N City (on the opposite coast from him) and it is incredibly beautiful there. [BL] (70 words)
#1068 (1988-09-28)

Someone chases my boyfriend. A young woman gives me the name of a man she thinks would be good for me to have as a boyfriend. I try to guess and say, "Is it Randy?" She laughs and says, "Oh! He's too young for you. I hope you are not insulted when you see who I've chosen." I feel a little curious and hurt. (64 words)
#1069 (1988-09-29)

I am telling a classroom full of people that the fire alarm is ringing and they must vacate the room. They sit and look at me, a few leave, but a bunch in the back just sit there. I keep repeating my message, getting stronger voiced and more sarcastic by the moment. We are locked in a power struggle. I realize this and know that I'm creating it, so I back off after I struggle with the feeling that that is bad for me to lose face. I reflect a casual comment to one person. He gets up to leave and the rest follow. Outside I say to Bonnie, "I almost blew it there! I created a power struggle." (119 words)
#1070 (1988-10-03)

I am escorted to a table at a restaurant by a charming Frenchman. I sit on the table on a cushion. It is a bit uncomfortable. He offers to fluff the pillows. I say, "Can I fix it so I can just lean back?" He said, "No, sorry that won't work." He holds a food tray and eloquently, with dramatic flair, pours me a drink which is a mixture of white and red wine. I taste it and pronounce it delicious. I hear Maurice Chevalier singing and am pleased that such a famous singer I had the privilege to hear. He and the Frenchman are sort of the same. The Frenchman kisses me. It is pleasant. He asks me if I want to take a bath (hot tub?) and I agree, realizing that what he really means is we will make love now. We walk into a crowded part of the restaurant. The waiter has a roasted rabbit and the Frenchman (owner of restaurant) says loudly so everyone can hear him, "I see no one wants our fine rabbit dish. I am not afraid. It is delicious. Serve me some." The waiter carves off a roasted leg (looks like chicken leg). (201 words)
#1071 (1988-10-03)

A woman has hurt her foot. I must find a bucket so she can soak her foot. I go looking. I see Shane (hearing-impaired boy). Another woman asks him to help find the bucket. She doesn't realize he can't hear and gets annoyed. I take over and mouth the words carefully and repeat them. "I need to find a bucket. This is an emergency." I see a room where it had been before but it is now a restaurant. We finally find one and I take it to the hurt woman whose two feet are crippled, small and bent. I set up the bucket and she doesn't want to use it because it's painful. I encourage her to stay soaking for at least 15 minutes. It will be beneficial. (129 words)
#1072 (1988-10-04)

I am in a house. Each room is small and compact, so I don't have to expend energy moving around. When I sit on my bed, I lean over to the dresser to get my clothes. There are shelves above the dresser. The bathroom is a small room off the bedroom. Then there are a series of small rooms in a row - a laundry room, a garden. Then a woman comes in. I am setting up a VCR to look over our work. A man, two men come in, one is my "husband." They want us to move so they can use the VCR. I get very angry because we were here first. I refuse to leave. The other woman cajoles me to leave. She says it's no big deal to us and would mean so much to them. I disagree and argue all the way out. I point out that the man is being manipulative; he has a room of his own and a working VCR. The man wants his credit cards back and I think about hiding them and keeping them. (184 words)
#1073 (1988-10-07)

I am very upset with my "husband." He's in a room with "the guys" and ignoring me. I go into the room to give him some 6-packs of beer which he doesn't need as he has plenty on the counter. He doesn't even acknowledge me and I have to lie on the counter and force myself through a mail slot in the door to get out! Very uncomfortable. Then I see a newborn baby and I pick it up, walk down a long flight of stairs into a pool of water (swimming pool) and bathe the baby, total immersion. The baby is good at holding its breath. Then I'm hopping across a blue, yucky slough. I say, "Here's the slough," and I hop over it. I look, thinking it would not be pleasant if I slipped and fell in. After I cross both channels of the slough, someone and I lie on a raft/boat and go upstream in a wide and busy water channel. Someone asks if I hated crossing the slough and I say, "Yes, but when I was younger it was fine." I liked the slough then because it was alive and not polluted and it moved slowly. I looked behind me to see speeding boats approaching. I then say, "I've left my husband." The man says hopefully, "You've left him!" He wants me to connect with him. (230 words)
#1074 (1988-10-10)

I am looking for my purse. So is Merle. I find it. I'm going upstairs to have lunch. I am run over and lay on the ground. A doctor comes over and says, "Don't move," and sticks pins in me. I realize I don't feel them. I say, "Oh no! Don't tell me it's my spine." He says, "Maybe not. Sometimes things are numb for a while." The man that ran over me comes to the emergency room as I'm being wheeled in on a stretcher. He says, "I was drunk." I am furious and scream at him that he ought to be hung up by his balls upside down for 100 years. That would teach him a lesson. I am livid. His father says, "We'll talk about this when you calm down." I then have to walk slowly up some difficult stairs to the emergency room. They see me and come running to help me up the last stair. A black woman is there and the nurse jokes about her color being a permanent tan. The black woman says someday people won't be afraid and will treat me normally. [BL] (190 words)
#1075 (1988-10-11)

Jack Nicholson and I are attracted to each other. He and I hold hands and another woman sees it and goes, "Ah ha! Look here!" He says, "I hunger after her. We have to be touching all the time. I can't be away from her." Then the woman explains several volunteer jobs at the fair I could do. I choose to do the woman of color one where I give pieces of pie and make up hints to women. As we leave to go to my table, we notice the guy is laying down for a nap and not following me. I wonder if it's OK to leave Ellie, but decide she'll be OK. I say, "We'll leave without him, he'll catch up." I pretend I don't care. I go to the table and replace a dark-skinned Egyptian woman. I hear some man say, "Here's our Indian." They want me to change money, but won't let me put up a sign letting people know this will cost money. I object. They insist. I don't want them to feel cheated, thinking it was for free and then getting charged. (188 words)
#1076 (1988-10-12)

I live in a rural town, sort of old west. Townsmen come to destroy my family. I escape out the back door and crawl under the porch, hoping they'll think I ran fast and chase after me off into the woods. I am worried that I made the wrong decision. A man searches around the porch area. I wasn't so smart, but I am covered up and he doesn't find me. After they leave, I decide I will masquerade as a boy to be safe, then no one will rape me or hurt me. I move to another town and get a job at a newspaper as an apprentice. I hero-worship the editor, who at first is like Clark Gable and then is an older man. I cook for him also. I grow up and am walking home to my remote cabin when a teen girl from school comes up to me and says there's something girlish about me. I think about becoming a girl again. The editor offers me a job, but it's in the town where I had left. I am afraid but go there. (187 words)
#1077 (1988-10-16)

I am getting info at a sort of book store about a birds meeting which was canceled but I didn't know it. I was surprised I was the last to know. Merle is there and I get on his lap and he drives around. We are dancing to a beautiful waltz. I am graceful. It is warm and touchy. Then I see my father. I get in his lap and he hugs and kisses me and strokes my hair. I feel a little uncomfortable at first, but relax and enjoy the love. (92 words)
#1078 (1988-10-20)

Money questions, how silly. I work for the Forest Service and am in a bed on a high platform. As I try to get up, I realize that there is a huge drop off if I take that first step and I could fall down for miles into the trees. I try to place my foot carefully, but then notice if I get out on the other side of the bed, the platform floor is there and it is safe. So I hop over to the safe side and get out. The new recruits are here and are asking a lot of questions about money. I laugh at their myopic concern about money when it isn't even the issue and someone says or I think "You did that too when you first started." Then I go get some clothes that are in a pile. I take off my nylons and a garter belt and start to put on a dress. I exclaim, "Yes! I am a woman," like I'd somehow forgotten that. I put on some ugly, conservative pants (polyester) and rethink if I want to wear that. (188 words)
#1079 (1988-10-25)

I'm going up to the S Beach Hotel without a reservation, hoping a room is open for me. The cat (Pablito) is in the car. I'm in the passenger side. I go in and open a door. Someone, a bald man, is already in there. I apologize and try another room. An elderly couple is in there. I realize I'll probably be put in the dorm room as the conference starts Sat. night. So I at least will have a room but I am disappointed. [BL] (85 words)
#1081 (1988-10-25)

My mother and I are talking on the phone. Mid-sentence she stops talking. I am concerned because I keep calling to her, "Mom, Mom, Mom." She doesn't respond. I wonder if she's ill or in trouble. I think of hanging up and calling back, but am afraid to let go of the connection. I watch the clock. It's 5 of 10 and I think I'll wait for 5 minutes and then call the police or Lydia to go check on her. Arvonne comes in and talks. (86 words)
#1082 (1988-10-25)

I'm a passenger on a bus and see what looks like a school bus with one headlight. Our vehicle flashes lights at it and stops. I look again and see it's a train. I tell the driver we don't have to stop for a train. He disagrees and says that we do. I apologize. [BL] (54 words)
#1083 (1988-10-25)

Paulina is upset. I want to hold her. She resists and I say, "I want to hold you because I need it." She says impatiently, "OK, but let me turn around," and so turns her back on me to be able to cuddle spoon-like. I put my arms around her, being careful not to touch her breasts. I accidentally brush them. I hug her and rock her to soothe her. I like our position because I'm not face to face with her emotion. I see her/my face reflected in a window. (91 words)
#1084 (1988-10-29)

I am taking the wet clothes off a baby. She is lying on a bed and is a mess. I look for a clean shirt and find several. I choose one that's lacy and pretty, but hard to get on her. We struggle getting her hand in the arm and finally succeed. Then I take off her messy diaper and clean her up. She shits when I don't have a diaper on her. I clean that up, shuddering. Now my mother says, "Give the baby to me and you count all this money on my bed." I see piles and piles of coins (change). Most of them are foreign currency. What a tiring task. I say, "I'd rather hold the baby. I haven't had a chance to." She says, "Later, you can do it later." I sigh and start working on the money. Then I'm helping a woman pack. There are lots of snap shots laid out on the bed, some of Willie, some of her lover. I am concerned that her husband will come in and find out! I try to gather them up. Then I must hurry and I choose the shoes to pack, discarding several "Baby Jane" shoes for little girls. [BL] (204 words)
#1085 (1988-10-30)

I am with a woman and we go up a flight of stairs. It is hard. I wonder why I keep trying to do it. We are in a hotel where there are no walls between rooms. The placement of the furniture tells you where a room is. There is communal dining, and a back stairs for the more privileged, richer guests. I see Chuck. He ignores me, won't look at me or talk to me. He's angry. I say to him, "Isn't it OK that I want to quit work?" He says, "No!" He doesn't approve. He has Carona disease and he didn't stop work. I say, "Isn't arthritis worse than that?" He says no. I feel upset. (119 words)
#1087 (1988-10-30)

I tell Howard (who is the boss) I want to stop work. He jeers at me. He says, "Go ahead, but it won't work the way you planned. They won't permit you to come back part time." He's uppity and cold. I rush past his secretary to get into his office and I throw my resignation letter at him. It lands on the floor. (64 words)
#1088 (1988-11-02)

I'm in a group of people, and I am explaining to them how disabled people don't like it when people rush up to open the door for them. I see lots of the people raise their hands to add comments and I say, "Yeah, I know what you're going to say. You are just being courteous and would do it for anyone, not just the disabled. But I'm talking about beyond normal enthusiasm." I decide I need to go to the bathroom. I ask the way. I go down a long hall, in a sports department or a gymnasium at a college. A man shows me the way. I'm walking and wonder if I'll have enough energy. He opens a door and I see a basketball game in progress. The man points to across the room. We walk right through the middle of the game and get to the other side. We go down a dark dingy hall to the women's room. I go in. It's a huge room with one toilet. I sit. A woman came in and I wondered where she came from. I see a stairway up to the "real" bathroom. (194 words)
#1090 (1988-11-08)

I am at the beach. I sit on a rock, which is unstable and "rocky." The tide is coming in. I try to push the rock further into the sand for stability. I get up because it's not working and run/walk for the van because the waves are getting me wet. A man says, "The community college has a piece of the ocean." I say, "Oh yeah? Well, maybe at Florence." I go to the van. Ginny is in the driver's seat, so I start to get in the passenger side. She slides over to the passenger side so I hesitate and then get in the driver's side. I see lots of toys and candy and fun stuff hanging decoratively inside the van. I think it's cute. (127 words)
#1091 (1988-11-08)

I'm at a grocery store hoping to meet a nice man I can be in relationship with. This short but good-looking guy comes up and kisses me. I say, "Hey, who are you? Don't do that." I walk away from him. He follows. I see Merle in a shopping cart. I tell him, "This boy came up and kissed me." Merle is a little jealous. I go back into the store looking for a guy. As I'm ready to leave, I find Raul and another guy. We walk out with Merle and Ginny and some others. I say to Raul, "Don't be like you were before; be natural and real." He agrees. Someone says, "To whose couch do we go?" I offer my house. We go to a campground. Raul says he's read about Emily Dickinson. I say, "Yeah, me too. She's into natural drugs." Some people take the campsite we were headed for. We get into a van and drive up a freeway exit the wrong way and cut across wooded area to park next to the original campsite. Ginny has money in her hand. I say, "There isn't any wood for the fire," and then I see some split logs and sticks. [BL] (204 words)
#1092 (1988-11-09)

I am holding a newborn baby. Someone asks if she's eating, as her face is lying on my breast. I say, "No, she's sleeping." I hold her gently and lovingly. I lay her down on the couch. I wonder if she's safe there and decide she is, if she doesn't wake up and wiggle around. (55 words)
#1093 (1988-11-09)

Bonnie is upset. She has a Japanese "niece" that lives with her and a Japanese man is moving her things out. I suspect that he is lying to us and really is taking the niece away and won't return. Bonnie is crying and saying, "I need my niece to help me. Please don't take her away." I say, "I knew when he first came here he intended to take her away." I go to the living room. I see Uncle Wilbur lazing on the couch. He wears a Hawaiian shirt. (90 words)
#1094 (1988-11-09)

Arthur and I are in a room with other people. A woman is giving him a massage. He looks over at me and smiles warmly. He says the massage is good, but he remembers better ones, meaning mine from the past. Later, I am sleeping and he comes over and kisses me gently on the face. I pretend to be asleep. He knows I'm pretending. I murmur gently because it feels nice. Someone comes in and says, "Look at that plane!" I go to the door and see white powdery stuff coming out of the sky. Nuclear radiation. I stay under the porch roof. A man comes in; his face is covered with this stuff. We are concerned. He comes in and we help him wash it off. We hope he doesn't die from it. (135 words)
#1095 (1988-11-09)

Bonnie and I are homeless. We have learned though. We have long johns and mittens, ear muffs, etc. I think, "Being without a home is better and safer because it's real. When we thought we had a home, we didn't protect from the cold because we believed we should be warm, even though there was no heat in the house. We walk upstairs and a stair, path through the woods. There are patches of snow and particles of dry wooden path. I am glad to see the dry patches, some places to sleep when we get tired. (97 words)
#1097 (1988-11-15)

An oval metal elevator. We have to slide in like getting into a car through the window. It's crowded, with Tyler and me and lots of others. It tips and starts to malfunction. I feel scared. It is dark. I pray we make it to the floor level. We do, just barely. We get out and go to get lunch (or breakfast). I sit at a table. Chuck complains. I say, "How predictable you are, Chuck." A waitress comes up to take my order. I say, "This is new," and order deviled eggs and other things. (96 words)
#1098 (1988-11-15)

Terence comes over to me and laughs because I didn't notice the tattoo on his nose and chest. I then see it. It is quite ornate and moves even, telling some story. He kisses me and wants to make love. I say, "Not now or here. Someone will come by." He frowns. I say, "You've got your 12-year-old face on." Some people do come by. He moves away from me. We go to the basement to find the spirits. I see lots of animal statues sitting in the sand. Some move. A statue of a man on a horse (very primitive) rides by. A blue sheep moves around. I send out psychic vibes to call all that think like me. I get a few philosophers interested. (126 words)
#1099 (1988-11-15)

I go to see my brother Dwight's bedroom. It is his special place. There are lots of books about plants. His room is next to mine and a partition wall is between the rooms. Over the partition you can see shelves of bright, pretty books. I think, "So that's how he sees my room. It's an interesting perspective." I think it looks nice and he enjoys seeing them (the books). I am glad I can share this for him. (79 words)
#1100 (1988-11-16)

An older man seems interested in me. We are on a cruise boat. I am flattered, but at the end of the ride I go away, not opening up to an opportunity to meet him again. I see some burros. A small, cute one is feisty and kicks his heels up just like real burros. I comment on how cute he is. Someone says, "Uh oh! You'll take it home!" I say, "Oh no. Not me." Then I notice it has some blood on its back. I feel concern. Next, I am walking back home with the burro as a cane. I comment that it is just the right height. I am concerned that when I get home, my parent will be upset and not accept the burro. Then I see Kirk Douglas who is upset at his son because the son had done some spectacular things and then just quit! He (the father) is going to have a talk with him and see if he can convince the son to get back on track. Now I see a small girl who had spent hours straightening up the nursery toys, lining them up and labeling them. She is very proud of her hard work and is waiting in excited anticipation for her parents to come and see and be proud of her. The burro is also waiting, hoping to be accepted. I feel sorry for them because Kirk Douglas is going to blast in there, with his single-minded energy aimed at the older son. The little girl and the burro are going to be ignored. (265 words)
#1102 (1988-11-17)

I'm going to teach a lecture on forest fires to a 3rd (4th is crossed out) grade class. I am practicing the lecture with their teacher. I am apologizing that I don't have much content information. I go to the library to find an encyclopedia to get more information. I'm going to show maps and talk about how the fires burn off all the old tangled growth that leaves room for new growth. Then, as we are going to the classroom, the thing shifts and we are now going to a cafe, De Frisco's, to reminisce on the Germany Trip with 3 or 4 other women. We sit around a table. I suggest another member of the Germany group show her pictures. But just before she starts, I pull mine out and start with the Palace of Versailles. I find as I start talking, I have lots to say and it is interesting to the others. Then we decide to play baseball. I hit a ball and run for first base and was nearly "put out." The base was real close. Then I show someone a lovely wooden panel I was allowed to bring back from Paris. It fit on top of a piano we had here. Then we had to move a table that had pretty things on it back to make more room for second base. The table leg slipped and some things fell. We decided we'd meet again to finish our talks as we'd already been there 4 hours. I wrote the names of the ones who will speak and in what order. I consulted with Rena who said she would do her talk if she'd had enough to drink. [BL] (283 words)
#1103 (1988-11-18)

Bonnie and I are offered a job. We take it, thinking, "This will be a cinch!" As we walk toward the lake with our male guide, I start to feel uneasy and unsafe. I am on a wooden sidewalk and as I get close to the lake I see a huge and horrible monster like a giant squid thing in the lake. I realize this man guide is not going to be able to keep me safe and I can't back out of the job. I am very afraid and try to hide behind a door. The monster comes out of the lake and now is a very tall and huge man. He comes to collect and eat the women who have been hired to dance and entice him out of the lake. Even though another woman is dancing, he sees me behind the door and comes after me. I run and find a town. I become a dancer on stage. I realize it is time to go back to the monster. I start to go back, but decide I can't do it and go hide. I am going home, but I'm peeking through the door cautiously for fear the monster is there. I think I smell him, but it is Grandpa Lloyd. Then a door opens to the dining room and I see my parents. I think, "Oh no, not them. I'm not ready to meet them yet." (239 words)
#1104 (1988-11-19)

My cat has swirls of hot pink fur, especially on her chest. She lays on me in despair, talking of suicide. We are on a playing field on the inside of a running track. Some people are playing ball and the ball keeps falling near us. We ignore them but wonder if they are annoyed with us. Then I see a group of fat, some disabled women, doing exercises all in a row. Then I see my cat riding on the back of a strange broad-backed horse around the track, running somewhat difficultly and catching up to a group of track runners. (102 words)
#1105 (1988-11-19)

A teacher has two students who are laying down on her left. The teacher is addressing an audience of parents who are in a semi- circle around her. I am in the audience on her right. She tells the parents she wants their permission to interpret the students and the parents would accept what they say. The parents feel uncomfortable and say no. The teacher looks perplexed. I suggest that I could help the teacher understand if I could interpret what the parents were trying to say. Then I see a huge mechanical alien thing looking in the window. It sucked our consciousness out of our bodies and put each of us in a metal oval container to take us all to their world. I escape my container and dart around invisible, keeping all of my molecules together so I didn't vaporize all over the place. I follow the mechanical alien as it goes to talk to its followers. Then a human-like male, the real King, enters and takes over. He's very good-looking and I'm interested in him (attracted to him?). I come up close to his head to observe and feel him. He is very self-centered. He and his father talk about the missing human consciousness and aren't overly concerned. The father is concerned about the unfeeling, self-centered son. The man goes to take a bath and gets an erection. He laughs, calls to his guard to send him in Angela (the next woman). She comes in and they make love. I am excited by it all and try to enter his head to hear what he thinks. (269 words)
#1106 (1988-11-19)

I walk past a man and drop eye contact. As I enter my room, I realize he could be a nice guy and I never gave him a chance. So I go back and smile. He comes in and hugs me. Then we look around the room. There are lots of snapshots put together like an art collage on the walls. He says I'm very good at my art. (I say, "Oh, I like to use repetition of pictures to make a point and some things just happened intuitively, not planned.") He points to one where the kids look like they are sliding down a waterfall. There are also lots of clothes piled up in the sink. I start sorting them. The baby things I put in a pile to save for the next grandchild. I hang up the blouses in an already crowded closet. I see an apple pie and think, "Oh good, but I'd better eat it." I see some chocolate chip cake stuff in the sink and feel a little annoyed that Arvonne has these goodies (with sugar) and I can't and she's wasting food. (188 words)
#1109 (1988-11-22)

The house is a mess. I am walking down the road and someone comes by me and says I left the house unlocked and keeps on going. I am angry, cause either I leave it open to intruders or I trudge back up the hill and go lock it myself. I go back. Some people are there and I am annoyed with them. I go off alone to watch a movie or something. (73 words)
#1110 (1988-11-22)

I am watching a performance by a bright and spangly-dressed performer. I get bored and decide to leave. I go out in the lobby area. A mentally retarded man asks where's the lady with the magic that turns the lights on for him? I say, "She's still performing. You'll have to wait." I push him away as he's trying to hug me. I go out to look for the car. Someone parked it far away. It looks like Dovre's car. I get in, the passenger side. I can't get the safety belt to work. We can't go until it does work. I am frustrated. Some one from the back seat tries it. I get sarcastic. Finally, it works and we can go home. (123 words)
#1111 (1988-11-23)

I am at a party. I think it's a birthday party for a baby but it is for this guy. I go to sit at a table. When I sit, my chair is in the outside wall of their apartment and the other chairs at the table and the table is on the inside of the wall. I sit and pull the wall over me so I'm on the inside too. The wall must be of a stretch material with a hole in it. The irony is that when I pull myself through the wall, the birthday boy gets his head caught in a similar stretch hole. I think it looks strange. We start to eat breakfast. He asks me questions and it becomes evident he doesn't know how to run a self-publishing business. I ask him if he keeps records or receipts. He looks confused. I set out to help him set up his business better. (157 words)
#1112 (1988-11-24)

I had bought some gifts for the girls and was dividing them up. They are on the couch in a pile. I can't find the rainbow gift I got for one of the girls. I see Indian beaded belts and things (red beads. The kids are playing and I go out to the sidewalk. A man (Howard) mouths to me, "What do you want to do?" I mouth back, "Let's go someplace alone." He smiles and goes into the house to get ready. One of the children is playing in a red parked car and I get in the car to play with her, but then she drives us away. I am surprised and say, "Where are we going?" She says, "To this other place across town." I get angry and say, "No. I want to go back. We were going to be alone." She just keeps driving. We stop at a store and I go in. She says, "Come on, let's go. I say, "No. I'm staying here. I'll find a phone and call him. He'll come and get me." She shrugs and leaves. I feel very brave because I could get stranded here. I ask if I can use the phone. A little old lady says yes. I can't find the phone number. I look and look. I ask her to help me. She can't find it either. The name is Ted Wright. I see advertisements for the Disabled Students Union in the phone book. (247 words)
#1114 (1988-11-25)

I am working for this very good-looking guy. The office is a mess. Piles of things are on the desk. I am trying to straighten it out and can't figure out where to put things. I pick up a poster and hang it on the wall. My boss stands close to me and as he is talking, I am aware of how attracted I am to him. I wonder how I can get his attention so he'll like me and find me attractive. He says, "That's a poster of Tony and someone is coming to the office that doesn't like Tony." I say, "Uh oh! Guess it was a mistake to put the poster up." He and I walk down some stairs. We start to walk through a cafe, but it is closed. Then we walk through the college bookstore to find the rest of the stairs. We continue our walk. We are now more like a couple. He wants some sunglasses and sees some on the side of the path. He chooses one that belonged to the S children. Somehow that was OK because the glasses came from descendants of Darryl. (192 words)
#1115 (1988-11-25)

I am in a house and it is crowded with lots of things and furniture. A small bird and a large blow fly come rushing in. I think it's a bee but someone reassures me it's a fly. There is a mask in a basket with a lid. I give it to a small boy and he takes it outside and dumps the old, musty, moldy mask. I feel relief. Suddenly the house is nearly empty. Lots of space. Only a stove moved in from a rental (our original old stove) and a table are left and I like it this way. The boy brings back the empty basket and I almost accept it back, but change my mind and give him the basket. I don't want it because it carries the odor and feel of the mask. I am outside. Two guys are up a telephone pole fixing the lines. They are hanging up there in a way that seems impossible, but they seem comfortable. One is there to "spot" the other guy in case he gets in trouble. They finish and come down the ladder and efficiently pack up their equipment. It was very graceful; each knew how to do each task and they just did whatever was closest at hand. I ride my wheelchair around their truck watching them and then I go to my front door and park the chair and walk in. [BL] (237 words)
#1116 (1988-11-26)

I am at a table. I pour sugar-frosted shredded wheat things into a bowl. I pick up a cup with a drop or two of tea in it. Dwight says, "I'll get you some more tea." I say, "Thanks." Paulina is on my right. He gives me back the cup and I see that there is barely enough tea to cover the bottom of the cup. I feel robbed and say, "There isn't very much to eat here." My mother says, "Don't be silly. Let me see." I hand her the cup, which is now a huge glass bowl. As I hand it to her I feel a little embarrassed because I realize it is the size of the bowl that makes it seem I haven't enough tea. I drink the tea and realize I've picked up the wrong container and I had started to sip from a bag of coffee beans. I spit it out and wonder if all this sugar and coffee will hurt me. I then drink my herbal tea. (173 words)
#1117 (1988-11-26)

I am packing to go home. My mother and Paulina are helping. I am surprised there is so much stuff. I didn't come with this much. They had packed two empty suitcases in one of my boxes. I say, "We can take those out." My mother disagrees. She says, "I'll need them when I go to the bank." I say, "No, I won't." I feel angry. Then I see a box with all the family violins in it. I can't play my own, much less theirs. I take them anyway. Then they take a video picture of me playing a violin. It is pretty. My small daughter has a baby violin and is trying to learn to play. She breaks a string and it sounds terrible. I am glad they made this video for me. Then I go around, checking if we'd left anything behind. I see lots of papers I don't need and the hot pink sexy dress Lydia gave me. I think, "Well, it'll be here if I need it." We leave. (174 words)
#1118 (1988-11-27)

It is raining very hard and I decide to drive to L.C.C. The traffic on the freeway is very heavy and I almost do get let into the line of traffic. The road has dangerous broken places that are not marked and hard to see. I think, "How foolish to be out here at all," but there I am. I am now driving up hill and I see the river. I suddenly realize there are waves coming, flooding. I am now on top of the hill in a hotel. I see several waves and ten I see a tidal wave crashing over the river. The water comes clear up to the lawn of my hotel! I am surprised and think, "I may still be in danger up here." I go to look out the windows. Then I go to the living room. There are two small children wanting to play with the books and toys. I take away a toy I think is dangerous and offer them cars and books. (170 words)
#1119 (1988-11-27)

After work we are driving to where we will stay. It turns out we are going home to N City rather than stay over in the city for the night. We are driving backwards down a curvy hill. I am in the back. I say, "Lookout!" I see our back wheel has gone over the edge and we are teetering. I feel scared and in danger. I realize I can get out of the car. I crawl out of the top, which is on its side. The car doesn't fall, but I see the tracks and realize how close to danger I was! (103 words)
#1120 (1988-11-28)

My taxi driver takes off his clothes and dives into his own river. He is happy and relieved to be in his own river and not mine. His river has forked off mine. He calls his river "Pegasus." He floats along in oblivion. His nose hinges up so he can lay face down and still breathe. He's not watching where he's going and I see he's headed into a slough with lots of brown foam on it. I pull him out and save his life. He is appreciative. (88 words)
#1121 (1988-11-28)

I am driving a sort of golf cart thing. A man and woman in the back are sort of hugging, but the woman needs to leave the man because his hugs are so strong, they are physically damaging and dangerous. She runs for my cart and I start up the engine, hoping we can escape the man. I am afraid. She gets in and we drive away. I say, "Which way?" and she says, "C City." I say, "Good. That's the direction I'm going." We come to a river and I nearly drive the cart right in. I hit the brakes and teeter on the edge of the road. The bridge man says, "You could go over the top freeway." I say, "It's longer that way. I'll just go across. It won't take as long." Then I say, "It sure will be cold" and I imagine the cold, dark green water. I grab the boat, which is more like a Frisbee now, and we go across as fast as we can. We only get a little wet and I think, "There, that wasn't so bad." Some one asks how close Dalles is to C City. I say, "Not far." (199 words)
#1122 (1988-11-28)

I am teaching a workshop. A cute man is interested in me. I finish one section and during the break I go up to the 4th floor on the elevator. He comes with me. I am standing on a bed reaching up to a shelf to get my things. He is sleeping on the bed. He wakes up and is delighted to see me there. He smiles and hugs my legs trying to pull me to him. I am attracted and we tease. I push the button for the elevator. It comes. It is small, tall, and narrow. We get in and I say, "This is like being in a coffin." We get to the basement where I'm to teach the next seminar. Lots of people are there. I want to find a bathroom. All there is, is a toilet with no door and a see-through curtain. I call a group of women over to stand around me, holding up articles of clothing. They laugh and joke. After I am through, a woman comes up and hands me a dime. I had just dropped some pennies and was glad to get rid of them because I had no pocket. She's buying 10 pingpong balls to play a game. Then I see a cabinet with a tiny black and white TV set in it like an old 1940's set. I comment on it. (232 words)
#1123 (1988-11-29)

I come to a Halloween party dressed as Marilyn Monroe in my hot pink dress, wig and mask. A man is waiting impatiently for me to arrive. I slink into the room, very sexy. He looks, but then glances at the back door and says, "Where's B?" He didn't recognize me. I feel pleased that I'm hearing him pine for me. Then he points out the window. There is a river out there and a tree. A branch has been carved to look like a horse's head with the branch continuing out of its mouth. (You have a drawing here.) It drops a black package into the river. The man wants the thing, and without thinking I dive into the river and get the package. The woman thinks I'm brave. I get out of the river and go to a room to dry off and fix myself up, only I'm not very wet which is surprising. Now I'm doing some dishes with my daughter (Paulina). I get a steel wool coil caught in my fingernail. We work at removing it. Then I'm lying on a couch and my "favorite" baby is laying on my tummy and we are talking. (199 words)
#1124 (1988-11-30)

Jake visits and brings me a birthday present for Fluffy. It is a fake fur blanket with her paw prints cut out of the fur, four of them in a row, and some applique things on it. Valerie had knitted some lacy edging. It was a nice light brown color. I find it hanging up on my door as I come into my room. Then Jake and I and some guy are going to take a big heavy machine to T City. We try to load it into the back of our red vehicle. It's too long. We think this is too hard and then suddenly the solution comes to me. Just fold it up upon itself and there will be room. It fits easily. (125 words)
#1126 (1988-12-01)

One detail I left out of my dream last night I didn't even write in my dream journal, it seemed so silly and I couldn't see that it meant anything. It was a blue advertisement card with white lettering on it, and it was in a drunk man's mouth as he told me he loved me. So as I was eating breakfast, I was thinking about that card and describing it in my mind, "Blue with white lettering" and I look up to the fruit baskets hanging above the toaster and see a blue card with white lettering. I read the words. They are: "Nobody takes care of you better than you." "Ha!" says I, startled. The cosmos does it again. What an interesting series of internal events to get me to notice what is in front of my face every morning! (142 words)
#1127 (1988-12-02)

I am angry at Ellie. I yell, "Shut up!" and feel good that I am changing how I behave around her. She leaves a mess in my room. I hold a baby who has no diaper and pees. I put a diaper on her and hug and stroke her tenderly. The skin on her back is soft and sweet. (59 words)
#1128 (1988-12-02)

A man (feminine-looking) sits on the floor. I am attracted to him a little. I sit down next to him. We kiss. Each time I kiss him on the mouth, he pulls away. I say "What am I doing wrong?" He says, "Nothing. It's just that I'll have an orgasm." He looks around for a place we can make love. He points to a closet door and then to a trap door in the ceiling. I shake my head no and point to my bedroom door. We get up and walk into the bedroom. There is a kitchen in there. I open a cupboard and see piles of old cereal boxes. I realize Ellie has left her mess there. I realize I don't eat the cold cereal anymore. I now go upstairs and have hot cereal. I open a package and lemon lifesavers come out and a Hershey bar. A boy stares at the food and I push him away. Then I think, "Oh. I don't eat chocolate. I should have given the bars to him." The woman says she is the Admiral's wife and watches the man to see his reaction. He is startled because he thought she was the Captain's wife. (203 words)
#1129 (1988-12-03)

I am swimming across a huge expanse of tar, and if I stop to rest I will sink in, so I keep swimming even though I'm quite tired. Finally, I reach the shore and lay upon wet, soft grass, as soft waves of the clean, clear ocean lap near me. I clutch the grass to affirm I am finally safe and can rest. Just then I realize I'd spent all summer swimming and now it was time to go to school. I had no time to rest! I get up and now I'm dressed in a red plaid pleated wool skirt and a brown corduroy jacket. I am dressed different than all my peers. It is the beginning of the senior year. No one likes me. I dress and act differently. As a joke, they had invited me to be their class president. I go into the auditorium. I go up to the podium and tell them I know they don't like me and I don't like them but I am their President and I will make it work. Some guy in the back throws spit balls and is noisy and rude. A guy in front stands up and is rude. I walk up to him and nose to nose (he's very tall) I look up and say, "Look here, you little punk..." the crowd backs me and he quiets down. (231 words)
#1132 (1988-12-05)

I am writing on a cushion I've drawn pictures on. I use a blue pen, that can't xerox. The pictures are like embroidery or needlepoint. I step back to see what it looks like. You can hardly see the writing. There is a small round cushion on the square large outside cover. I consider getting a better-fitting inside piece. A daughter asks me a favor to go with her to exchange a bottle at a store. I tell her I'm tired and have much to do, but we go, with several wives of my ex-husband. It's 1 or 2 in the morning. I look around in the store/tower and see lots of women looking or waiting for someone. We go to the next store. Lovely glassware and in the back of the store, plastic things, like laundry baskets. I comment on the juxtaposition. We go on. I find a name of a man who's looking for a roommate. I knew him. My father suggests I move in with him. I shrug. It's time to xerox something, but some papers fall on the glass and need to be moved quickly as I've already pushed the start button. I tell my father impatiently to help me. He is slow and ineffective. I then do it myself. (214 words)
#1133 (1988-12-06)

Abner has gained a lot of weight. He and his wife are kissing and loving. I feel a little envious. Dora asks me to provide the entertainment for some scouting event. I ask if a person singing and playing the guitar is enough or would they prefer a band? A man at the opposite end of a long table says to me, "Come here a minute." I laugh and say,"It better be good to make me walk all that way." He hesitates and then walks to me to whisper, "Can I stay here for awhile?" He didn't have anywhere to sleep. I say, "It's not my house. It's up to her." (111 words)
#1135 (1988-12-07)

I walk upstairs, my high heels clicking. I check off a person's name on a list and walk downstairs again. Up I go. This time I try to check off more than one name and I see some books. I take them. They are mostly old children's books. I see a very pretty art book with a beautiful purple iris flower on a black cover. I ask,"Whose book is that?" I go back downstairs. I have two teacups and saucers. Someone says we need more plates. We are boiling potatoes. I wonder if there is enough. (96 words)
#1136 (1988-12-08)

I'm in a car and it needs gas, oil and a tire check. I keep parking it in different places, but the station is very busy and I can't get anyone's attention. I finally drive in the gas pump line and get gas. I then start to drive to C City but must get out of the car because of a group of people parading down the street. Chuck is in the parade. A male friend calls out, "You owe me a quarter." I search my pockets and only find a nickel. Chuck digs up a quarter. I say, "Well then now, I owe you a quarter." I start to walk to C City. Aunt Bridget and her daughter walk with me a short way. I think,"I hope I can make it." My knees have really been hurting. I then walk up and crawl up a stairway. There are handouts about counseling techniques on the steps. [BL] (156 words)
#1137 (1988-12-08)

Ellie and I are at school and are visiting a friend at her house. The friend tells Ellie she's been taking advantage of her and is selfish. Ellie had asked for some food and stuff. So Ellie gathers up some toys and gives them to the friend's kids. The friend says, "Good, you needed to give up the toys anyway." I then see a pack of Lucky Strike cigs and ask for one to borrow. She says no. I then say "Ellie, why don't you go to the store and buy me some Salems?" Then the friend is packing to go to Europe. The TV cameras are here to get our reactions to her. I put on a scarf. And a woman says, "You look good, scarfed." I see that it is shaped like a veiled Arab woman's scarf and all you can see is your eyes. Then the scarf keeps slipping and becomes a piece of wet folded up newspaper I hold over my mouth. It's my turn to talk to the cameras. I had watched a quad man fall to the ground and tell a man he loved him only to discover he was talking to a brown paper sack with a wig in it. I go to the camera and say, "I first met ___ and I had to think hard to remember my friend's name Lisa, in class. I had my Masters in Counseling and she was getting hers." I said how much I loved her and her family (lots of siblings). I describe her huge house and the ramps and all her nice brothers and sisters. (271 words)
#1139 (1988-12-09)

I am organizing and fixing my room. I have piles of things on a desk, and I take one thing at a time off the pile and put it where it belongs. I create shelves and put boxes of sorted things up on the shelf. Framed pictures of Grandpa Lloyd and Grandma Mildred are arranged on my desk. Three pictures of enlarged snapshots of some man, his head in different positions and moods are on the wall. (B has drawn three pictures in the journal.) I move a few chairs and a dresser. When I am through, I feel very happy and pleased. I go into the next room, which is a kitchen, and feel so happy as I see shelves of books and everything the way I like it. Howard picks me up and holds me. He wants to have sex and is desperate. He runs down the hall, carrying me so we can get to the bedroom downstairs before I stop being happy. I feel so sad and trapped because even though my body is hungry for sex, I can't enjoy it with Howard and I must have sex with him because he needs and demands it, so I feel trapped! My solution is to lie on top of him and caress us both so that I am giving or forcing my body to feel the physical experiences, but emotionally all I feel is trapped, disgusted and sad. (240 words)
#1142 (1988-12-12)

A man is in a band my group has hired. He and I like each other. They play part of one song and then take a break! I am quite amazed. He and I walk together up stairs and down halls, talking. It's time to pack up. I pick up my costume jewelry and things. [BL] (55 words)
#1144 (1988-12-12)

I am at a boarding house and taking my pills. I couldn't remember how many I took, then didn't know how many more to take. A man said to me, "You shouldn't take pills in public where kids can see you." I make a sarcastic remark that people can take pills in restaurants. It's not against the law. I was mad that he'd expect me to get up and walk when it was so painful. [BL] (75 words)
#1145 (1988-12-13)

My father and I are in a car and we take me to school. I carry books. He puts a book in a locker. It's a Learn German book. A man and I are rehearsing a video promo on disability awareness. I do a cheerful, charming rap. Some people come in. We are talking about relationships. I am dancing alone and enjoying dancing to the music. I start to join another woman dancing alone, but then chose to dance alone. Then this man and I discuss what kind of relationship to experiment with. He says "good friend and boyfriend first." Another guy and I laugh and say, "Wouldn't it be better to start with an educational relationship and then move to girl/boy friend and then to marriage?" I grimace at the idea of marriage. [BL] (134 words)
#1147 (1988-12-14)

I am telling some young man that I write. He said Paul writes. Did I think he was good? He thought Paul's work was good but it was "from the dictionary." I said (as Paul listened in intently, "You have to write from the heart and the dictionary," and I described a warm heart unthawing and how important it was. (60 words)
#1148 (1988-12-14)

I'm in the middle of a project and don't have much help. Can't find the schedule. Put lots of my own money into the computer and forgot to get receipts. Don't know how I'm going to get it back. A man with one eye (which changed to two eyes, one blind and ugly) said he just doesn't like disabled people (me). I say I don't like him. He works for an oil company. (73 words)
#1149 (1988-12-15)

Trying to take my cortisone because I'd forgotten to do it at breakfast. I pick up three tiny pills and almost eat several miniature gold rings and a small coin. I then realize I usually take more than three. So I eat more and then get worried because it might be too much. (53 words)
#1151 (1988-12-16)

I get into the back of my van and suddenly I see a man in a corner. He steps toward me with the intention of raping me. At first I feel resigned and paralyzed, not knowing what to do. And then I start screaming, "Help!" as loud as I can. He realizes I'll fight back, so he leaves. I quickly shut doors and lock them, glancing nervously at the corner he came from and drive away. I come to a river and get out. I have to get on a bus to cross. I climb up the stairs in great pain, asking if there are any seats near the back. I crawl over people and choose not to sit by some guy. I didn't like the way he looked. Then I am in a house and a man intends to have sex with me. I am not in agreement, but somehow I know I have to. There is some antagonistic and prideful remark I make. I'll at least keep my pride and dignity. I go upstairs and see a turd in the toilet. I then see a movie and say, "That's not a good movie for me to see now." It's about someone who must use their talents to their full potential and someone who gives up and doesn't. I say to him, "You don't think I'm going to make it easy for you, do you?" (236 words)
#1152 (1988-12-16)

Lucy and I are looking at rows upon rows of pianos. I play a few. One has books for keys. I play a tune. Lucy is impressed. I say, "I made it up, on the spot." Then I ask her if she's got some of her eyesight back. She says yes and has a weird-looking eyeglass on. She says, "Some of it is back." Then she goes to sit by the ocean. I put a newspaper around my upper leg and come to her saying, "I want you to see something." She looks. I am wearing the newspaper her father put out and it is too small. The seam is splitting. She gets the message that she has outgrown her father's words and beliefs. I go back to my spot to take a nap, thinking I'd like to be by the ocean too. (143 words)
#1154 (1988-12-17)

I had put notices up on bulletin boards and doors at school with my name on it. I then went around collecting them. People had written messages on them for me. I felt pleased. I go out to find the minibus for disabled. I pass Jerome who is talking to a male friend of his. Jerome says, "You don't know my family. Lydia has two masters degrees and you'd better watch out around her. It isn't wise to care for her." I walk for blocks looking for the bus. I turn back and go back to the school thinking I'd left early and passed it. (105 words)
#1158 (1988-12-19)

I am driving my van, but can't find the keys to start it. I ask Ellie to find the keys in my purse. She's in the passenger seat. She says she can't find them. I notice I have somehow started the van without keys. I get mad at her and say, "Keep looking!" It feels like she's not trying hard enough. She finds them and we drive away. (68 words)
#1159 (1988-12-19)

I go to M City and get lost because it's changed. I see some buildings near the college I recognize. Then I see how the city has grown. I am at an intersection on the hill and see a fast current in a large body of water. I think, "What a lovely view; someone should build a house here." Just then a train, huge and noisy, rushes close by. "Oh," I say, "I see now why no one builds here." I see lots of trains and nearly get run over by one. I veer off and see a slough. I am walking with a man and I call out to warn him that sloughs can be dangerous like quicksand, but not as bad because it doesn't suck you all the way under. I also remember about Abner and catching frogs and our promise to marry when we grew up. We go around the slough to the house. (157 words)
#1163 (1988-12-21)

I am in a set of four rooms. The dining room is never used. I am surprised and ask Bonnie why not. She says it's too much trouble. I see Phyllis G. who is helping me with my paperwork. I want to give her the Barry Stevens book she likes. I write an inscription on the inside and then realize I wrote it on the wrong book. It's a children's coloring book. So I ask her to read it and pretend it's on the right book and then I give her the right book. I then must drive many miles on a bumpy dirt road to get to my word processor. It's a van/bus and a woman is driving. Without even stopping, she gets up and crawls out the passenger side of the van near me and runs up to the stop sign. I know this is normal procedure and wait patiently as we drive leaderless up to the sign where she will hop in and continue to drive. Lydia, in the back seat, is startled and cried out, "Look out! What's she doing?" I explain to her. (188 words)
#1165 (1988-12-23)

I am at a funeral. I think it is Grandpa Lloyd's. The seats are like school desks in a row. I walk down the first row and see lots of my family there. I choose to sit in the back, in the third row over. My mother says, "Jake and Valerie have changed their names to John and ickivi. My mother seems concerned and she and I argue. She says, "Can't you see how they are so concerned about traffic?" I said, "Those are two different issues, Mom (I feel frustrated). The first one is about Identity, the second about confusion (or something). She dismissed my idea. I feel angry. A cute little automated machine comes in and bumps into things in its search for something to dust, because that's what it's been invented to do. It finds a picture frame and starts to wipe at it. At first all it does is move the dust around. I report this to someone. Then after a long time it actually makes it squeaky clean and dust free. I am impressed. (179 words)
#1167 (1988-12-26)

It's time to take our baggage to the airport and catch our plane. We are late and the baggage man is annoyed. Then we do it a second time. We get to the baggage counter at 10:10. That's the time the plane leaves. I say, "I know I'm late, but you can do it, right?" He sighs and does so. Then I realize I can't get on the plane. So I go back to get my baggage. We decide to drive. Then I lose everybody and realize they drove away without me and I have to walk. So I walk for miles. When I get there, one of the four people isn't there and I realize I didn't have to walk after all, because she had the van. I just missed her. Then we have three drivers and two vans and we try to figure out how we are going to drive so far that way. Someone's going to be tired. (161 words)
#1168 (1988-12-26)

[Same as the previous dream.] It's time to take our baggage to the airport and catch our plane. We are late and the baggage man is annoyed. Then we do it a second time. We get to the baggage counter at 10:10. That's the time the plane leaves. I say, "I know I'm late, but you can do it, right?" He sighs and does so. Then I realize I can't get on the plane. So I go back to get my baggage. We decide to drive. Then I lose everybody and realize they drove away without me and I have to walk. So I walk for miles. When I get there, one of the four people isn't there and I realize I didn't have to walk after all, because she had the van. I just missed her. Then we have three drivers and two vans and we try to figure out how we are going to drive so far that way. Someone's going to be tired. (161 words)
#1169 (1988-12-26)

I see a house. Each room is up a flight of stairs. Each child will have their own room - lots of bunk beds. One room had birds, some memory in it, and when I poked my head in, I could hear the bird song. The next room was scary. I could feel it, but I opened the door anyway and a cute yellow plastic ghost rushed up to the door on a string. I laughed. I saw a bathroom with two tubs. A door opened. I saw a flight of stairs to a cocktail bar. I see the arm of a man on the banister. He's leaning over to see me. I shut the door quickly. (117 words)
#1170 (1988-12-26)

I am swimming with a group of people in a swimming pool. We are all clothed and in a circle. It's an exercise class of some sort. A man, sort of short and chubby, is next to me. He likes me and I am attracted to him. We are talking. I hug him. He puts his finger on my vagina and is trying to excite me sexually. I draw back and am offended at his matter-of-fact manipulations. He stops and then I hug him. [BL] (84 words)
#1171 (1988-12-27)

I am asleep in the same bed with Bonnie at 3:00 a.m. Mateo comes in and wakes me. "I want to take a bath," he says. I tell him it's 3 a.m. I get up, get my doctor's bag and go to another cabin. We are on a cruise ship. A man and a woman are sharing a cabin. They aren't supposed to, but everyone just looks the other way. He has bumps all over him and I tell him he has the mumps or maybe the measles and he can't continue the trip. It'll take three weeks to heal up. (101 words)
#1172 (1988-12-28)

I meet with two judges of my poetry contest, Erik and some other guy (Lewis?). I tell them, "I have one hour and then my rehearsal group comes by, so let's get to work and choose the winner." They agree and then Erik starts making funny faces and acting goofy. He hides and plays in my writing office. Lewis and I keep trying to talk him into seriousing up. Then my rehearsal group arrives. Some woman like Mabel really wants my attention. I try to pay attention to both groups. I see a list of author's names and see Dammitt and Akin. I then check the newsletter to see if they are the same as the winners. They are. Lucy comes in and wants to tell me all about the fact that when she falls asleep she acts like a little girl and either masturbates or gets sexually excited and now she's afraid to go to sleep. She rolls across the floor, looking like a little girl with Merle's condition. I half listen to her. (175 words)
#1175 (1988-12-29)

Mateo is visiting. He is lying on the couch beside me and I am tickling him. He spills some juice on a folder on the floor and I scold him. "Look what you did. No, no." Ellie and Bonnie come in bringing someone's laundry to do in my machine. Ellie shows me a photo with $12.00 written on it. It's a receipt a friend of hers needs to get someone to help her pay her bill. I get up to find Charla. (82 words)
#1176 (1988-12-29)

Millie and I are doing the dishes together. She's washing and I'm rinsing. She turns on the water faucet and starts filling up the bucket. I get angry at her because we aren't finished yet and she's diluting the soap. She explains what she's doing and is upset with me because of my outburst. I then feel badly and apologize for getting angry. We go on with the dishes. (69 words)
#1177 (1988-12-30)

Two men love me, an old flame and a new one. I am awash with loving attention. They vie for my attention. I go outside with one of them who is now a woman friend. We go to sit on an embankment. Someone says, "This is where lovers sit." I feel uneasy. So I sit on other spots nearby, hoping no one is watching and getting the wrong idea. Then a barrier slides open and I get a beautiful view of the open sea. [BL] (84 words)
#1178 (1988-12-30)

I step over a counter displaying onyx animals to get a better look. Some fall over. I reassure the salesgirl. Nothing's broken. I see a guy dragonet and like it (stuffed.) It comes to me. It has sharp claws. It flies. I put it on my head. Now it's like a lace curtain veil that will take in flying. I look for some string loops so I won't lose it when I'm airborne, but they are then sewing thread and very fragile. (82 words)
#1180 (1989-01-02)

A disabled man stands on the edge of a small swim pool on a stage. He says to the audience, "The legs are going out," and he falls into the water. The audience laughs. I notice he nearly hits/smashes his head on the opposite side wall of the pool. He does this several times. Ellie and I come in to be part of the act. I get in the pool and shoo Ellie (or dismiss her) off the stage. I'm going to do an act where I order food and the boy plays the clerk who has thousands of selections, like the deli skit I did. Ellie rolls in a refrig. I ask for milk. The guy doesn't know what to do. I cue him. "Say whole milk or 2%," I whisper. He does. I keep feeding him lines. (139 words)
#1181 (1989-01-02)

Nate is there. I look for him in the audience. Then I realize he's at my house and I go there to see him. He has white pork chop whiskers on the sides of his chin and his face is old and worn and plump. His eyes show me he's glad to see me. He still loves me. I smile and hug him, glad to see him. (67 words)
#1183 (1989-01-03)

I'm in a plane. I notice the pilot and co-pilot have passed out and we're going to crash. I stand up and ask, "Shouldn't someone try to fly the plane?" No one responds. I go up and try. We land in a country that looks like the Soviet Union. I say, "This is the second time I've been in a plane that landed somewhere unplanned." We get out. I walk down a street. I realize it is Czechoslovakia. I see a fancy limo convertible car go by with war officers in it. I'm in the back of a bus with the others from the place. The officer and I catch eye and I say, "Uh oh! We've made eye contact and now we're in trouble. He's noticed us." We go into a hotel to hide. I pick up a New Testament and replace it and pick up my old Bible my parents gave me at birth, and a new prayer book (Episcopalian). I think I should re-read it and I get some interesting info that matches the messages I read in other stuff. I go into a bedroom of the hotel. Lots of double beds and the orphaned children live there. (201 words)
#1185 (1989-01-04)

I am seated in a manual wheelchair, like a high chair. My mother asks me if I need something. She obviously thinks I need help. I say, "No, I'm okay." She then says, "Yes! You are. I shouldn't be asking you to do things for me." I then get into the next chair on my left. It's the power chair. I can't get it out of the closet-like room I'm in. I ask her for help, but she doesn't hear. I walk out and see my father and Hank lying on the floor playing a game like Monopoly. They ignore me. (101 words)
#1186 (1989-01-04)

I'm in my van. Two crewcut hair style guys leer in and then get in with intent to rape. I hesitate and then they get out and I lock the two front doors. They get in through the rear door. I start driving. I drive on a draw bridge with the two arms up and I nearly smash into them. (60 words)
#1189 (1989-01-06)

I am setting up a meal. I notice that the glasses are dirty, so I start to wash them in the sink. I clean off dried-on gunk. One cup is pink and collapses like those traveling cups. I turn to Paulina who is already seated at the table and ask if she wants that cup. She says, "No, it is limp and collapses on itself," (like a limp penis). Dwight comes in and says, "Ah, my favorite kind of fudge." "Yeah," I say, "I made it!" I scrape off the dried skin and a pudding, vanilla-like substance is seen. "It's my remoldable kind," I say. I go into my bedroom looking for the table. It's out back. We get it and bring it in. I then shout and try to lock the back bedroom door. It is hard to lock and I feel concerned. I won't feel safe until it's locked. It finally clicks. I go to the dining room. Pancakes and syrup are already on the plates. Dwight says, "I like a picnic." He then comments on the nuns and how they are out in all kinds of weather (rain, sleet hail, snow, and gardening and then they complain because their knees and joints hurt). (206 words)
#1190 (1989-01-07)

A man and I are attracted to each other. I kiss him and curl up on his lap. We roll over onto the floor and are starting to make love when we hear "the family" coming into the room. We break apart, but aren't quick enough to get up off the floor. The head of the family (sort of Grandad Lloyd) is shocked and lectures us. We get up and the entire large family sits around a round dining table. And I lecture them on better communication skills, araphrasing, body language, etc. They find me unbelievable. They stare at me uncomprehendingly. (101 words)
#1191 (1989-01-08)

I am in charge of selling tickets to a dance. People are already lined up to go in, but I'm not set up yet. I have to find Josh's vault that has the tickets and money in it. I go from schoolroom to schoolroom and can't find it. I see Josh and he takes me to where it is. He says it's the latest, best model and opens a luggage case and pulls out the stamps, money and tickets. I comment that I am 45 minutes late. He says there's a $32.50 charge for the use of these materials. I am surprised and not pleased. He changed it to $3.50. I don't check it out. I need the stuff, so I decide I settle up with him later. I go and see lots of people going into the dance. I say, "I've got the tickets," but no one buys. I go in and announce they can buy their tickets now, but still they ignore me. I also see a sailor go by the table and I become aware that he stole my money. (183 words)
#1192 (1989-01-08)

I am running down the halls of a zoo and I make a noise which causes the lions to roar, which causes the birds to chirp and screech, etc. until all the animals are making noises. Now I'm in trouble, so I run to a room to hide. Someone is after me. I go in and see a big monkey or gorilla. I try to entice a fake monkey (Dwight in a monkey suit) to sit on my lap so the real one won't. Too late. The big monkey comes at me. (92 words)
#1193 (1989-01-08)

Bonnie and I are in the living room. Mateo comes in the door. We are planning the "Birds" shows. I am now on top of a roof and some one (Paulina) jumps off the 1st story edge so she can get a ladder for the rest of us. It's a red plastic ladder and shaky. I carefully climb down and then notice my brothers got back on the roof. I call "The Birds" together to discuss the two upcoming programs. I tell them I made a mistake. We have a one-hour show at 3:30 and then at 4:30 another show across town. If we only do 40 minutes, we can do it. There are 7 of us so if each does 6 minutes, we'd be OK. "Lori" says, "What if I can only do three minutes? Jennifer H says she'd do the other 3 minutes. I apologize for making the mistakes in timing of the two shows. (157 words)
#1194 (1989-01-09)

Grandma Mildred made a dress for Millie and Bonnie to wear to a dance. I must wear it. I struggle. It's too tight. And the net gets caught on my shoe. I say to Ellie, "Is it unzipped all the way? I won't fit." She assures me it is. Then I ask her to look again. "Oh," she says, "It's still partly zipped." I get the dress on, but it's strapless and I have a regular bra on. Ellie says, "Go get your special thing." I take off my bra and go to get my strapless bra, only I pick up a pair of swim goggles and lay it across my breasts and laugh. I see my hair, which is now totally gray. My eyes are a faded, tired blue. I am appalled. I straighten the curls Grandma had fixed into the hairdo. I hope my aunts return soon to take their rightful place in the outfit. (157 words)
#1195 (1989-01-09)

I'm going up a hill past lovely condos on the river. I reach 1875 and realize someone is dead. I go into a room and see a special clock that, when you look at it right, shines or reflects lots of light. Ellie and I fight. It's a war of some kind between us. (54 words)
#1196 (1989-01-10)

I am a concert pianist on stage playing dissonant Beethoven like dynamic music. My hair barrette snags open and my hair flies all around in my enthusiastic playing. I look at the audience with a smile, like, "Oh well," and play on. I finish and stand to bow. A man comes out to help me put on my shoes (black high heels with straps) I have an umbrella hat and I don't do the straps, the audience is just going to have to accept this idiosyncrasy. The applause is weak and dries out. Then I decide to do an encore. It's my best piece, a ballad, soft and sweet; then it tells a musical story of children being good and then mischievous. (122 words)
#1197 (1989-01-10)

A group of people are in a circle, two of them in wheelchairs. A man teacher asks students if they are prepared for today's lesson. He asks a boy in a wheelchair. The boy says, "Oh, I couldn't because I didn't get my check yet." "You understand," the teacher responds. "No Gary, I don't. I speak English." Then there is a toy-like game. I'm it. Someone puts a thing in my arm and I drive around in my chair, lamenting, "I can only go 4.8 m.p.h. How can I win?" Everyone else is running and faster. Somehow I do manage to keep out of their way. (106 words)
#1201 (1989-01-11)

I have 2 children, a girl about 4 years old and a boy about 2 years old. I tell the girl, who is clamoring for my attention, to wait; I have to deal with the boy right now because he's being bad. I see his round, sassy face and I slap him. "Listen to me," I say. I slap him again and again. "I know what you are doing up there." He lives in some institutions. "I'm going to keep you here with me until you shape up and behave right." He's not happy about that. [BL] (96 words)
#1202 (1989-01-11)

I am in a group of people and we go into the social science schoolroom. I see Joe K seated at a desk. I sit with Tyler who wears white gloves. He is being teased about having bad breath and he leans over to me and breathes out and says, "Do I?" I say, "No. It's fine." Then the group is upset at two of the women leaders. They don't trust them. I think the women are OK. (78 words)
#1203 (1989-01-11)

I'm late and going to catch a train. I am in my van driving down a steep hill to a stop sign. I see a long line to get tickets on my left. Then I'm in my wheelchair on a waiting room train that starts going. "Wait. I haven't got my ticket yet," I say, hoping they'll stop at the ticket booth. (62 words)
#1204 (1989-01-12)

I'm on a rented bus. It's a women's study group. There are 7 men on the bus. I stand up, counting them. That's better than it used to be. Used to be only one or two men would attend that kind of class. One man says it would be better if we made it more comfortable for men to attend. I sit down and Ellie and the baby come to sit next to me. I hold the baby while Ellie crawls over me to get into the window seat. I lick on the baby's ice cream cone. Then it's time to get off. I now watch as a quad man goes to visit the house of a quad woman named Ruby. The bottom half of her house had been burnt. The structure still stands but the boards are charred. I lie on a grassy hill and look up at a beautiful silhouetted scene and say, "I wish I had a camera!" It was the profile of a woman and a child and another figure. I then roll over and eat some pancakes with syrup on it. I get back to the bus, only now I have to leave it and go walk to E City. It was a one-way cruise. I start walking. The bus owner comes up and says someone broke the vacuum cleaner and will I pay for it? (231 words)
#1205 (1989-01-13)

There is a raging, swollen river and I am to float down it. I have a guide. She says, "You sure are scared." I said, "Yes, I am." She couldn't understand why I'd be afraid. I was afraid I'd go under and be drowned. I see a boat going down river. It's dragging a long chain, like a bicycle chain. A loop of it catches on my right big toe and almost pulls me with it but I unloop it from my toe. Then I dive in and rush down stream. I get out. An Asian man is there. I have a list of places I saw on my travels. Mile post ----- is one of the entries. He speaks German and so do I, except toward the end I slip into Spanish. (133 words)
#1206 (1989-01-13)

A woman in a wheelchair had an accident that injured the soles of her feet, so she has trouble walking. She puts on a brown leotard swimsuit and goes out to the pool to swim. It's 10 p.m. and I think, "I'll bet that water's cold. Glad I'm not out there." I feel tired. I go into the kitchen and wash a bowl or two. My grandma Mildred is there. The soap is very good and even takes off dried-on oatmeal. Some voice explains there are more dishes and I don't want to do them all. I look at my Grandma Mildred and confront her, "You think I'm being lazy! You don't think my arthritis is a good enough reason, do you, do you?" She hems and ha's, is passive-aggressive and indirect. I don't let her get away with it. "Look me right in the eyes and tell me," I command. I keep at it. She's now crouched behind the sink cowering from me. She finally admits that's what she thinks. She leaves the room quickly to go sit on the roof of the chicken house with the kids. I smile and say, "She'll get over it." I feel a little guilty for being so rough and scaring her. (209 words)
#1207 (1989-01-14)

There are many rooms in a house. I walk toward the bathroom. I am playing a musical instrument, like a guitar or mandolin. I say, "Look, I just relax and don't think, and the music comes up from my memory." I am pleased. I start to walk into the bathroom and my mother is in there putting on her clothes. I see her "bush" as she pulls up her pants. I turn around quickly and say, "I'm sorry. I'll wait." She says, "It's OK." I go in and look around the room. There is an old-fashioned bath tub, the room is large. I think, "I can put in big beautiful plants." There is a window with an ornate, carved, gold leaf frame over it. A mirror has the same decoration. I think about curtains and remember white gauze like curtains lying on the floor outside in the hall. I go back out and realize I've placed my bedroom clear across the house and it is inconvenient. I see a door next to the bathroom and think, "I'll bet this would be a good bedroom." I open the door. It's not as pretty as I wanted it to be - empty bookshelves, white paint, ordinary. I step in and then notice an alcove with a bed in it off the main room. It was neat. I turn and see clothes hanging on the door, a red striped shirt. I think, "How wonderful dreams are to create all this detail." I see another alcove and go to explore. I turn on the light and at first it is dark. Then I try to will it light, and then it's bright, reality-like light. It was like I'd woken up and was seeing my own room, and then went back to the dream room. (300 words)
#1209 (1989-01-15)

Lucy needs a lawyer. Michael J. Fox (Darryl) takes on the job. He and I are crossing a huge river on a bridge. I see a prehistoric rhino go into the river. "Nice neighborhood," I say sarcastically. The bridge becomes a stairway in a high-rise office building. At first we are going down to leave the building, but then we change and are going up to get to the protection of his father's office. I am glad because then our relationship has a chance. The furniture is rich and lovely. We sit in the dining room. Later, a secretary shows us where the spare blankets and rollaway bed is, only now we're stuck with her. She has three pink poodles, one a male. We laugh at how silly they look! Then, there's a whole crowd of people with us. I remember the lights are on and maybe someone outside has noticed and will come rescue us. I am embarrassed that I'd not thought to flash the lights to signal for help (I am aware I really didn't want help). The elevator now starts to work, but breaks down again. Everyone else uses the elevator. I hang back hoping to be last, with him. [BL] (203 words)
#1210 (1989-01-16)

I am listing things I am upset about and thinking about them. I am interrupted by a group of children coming into my room and talking and eating my chocolate chip cookies. I get up and tell them to leave my cookies alone. I try to tell my mother my concerns and feelings. I don't feel like she's listening. She interrupts and lectures. I see a baby and I pee on her diaper. She looks at me. Then I go into the bathroom. I see a book written by a woman and start to read it. I then do my affirmations. "I am healthy. I am healing. I am a good writer." I then smiled and felt very good and continued, "I am an excellent writer." I felt very happy and confident. Then I hear Ellie telling her problems to my mother and I hear her doing the same thing she did to me. We are at Grandma Mildred's house. They go out on the front porch. I join them and tell my mother to be a good listener, to not lecture. I then tell Ellie to be more direct and ask for what she needs. (196 words)
#1211 (1989-01-17)

I am a man and I am teaching children to read in a one-room school house. I am gentle and dedicated. A woman, the wife of my neighbor comes in. I fall in love with her. She helps me with the children. On lunch break, I go outside and mow the lawn because being close to her is too hard. I might declare my love. Then the mowing becomes a ritual. I am naming the woman I flirted with and liked as I pass my hand over a pile of veggie stuff in a freezer. I do that twice and when I call her name, the freezer compartment is nearly empty and cold. I feel desolate. I get on my horse to go to another town. My horse must walk down a stair like "carnival ride" apparatus. Then the horse had to sit on its ass and slide the rest of the way. I am impressed with the horse's ability and feel badly that I put it through so much difficult maneuvering. (172 words)
#1212 (1989-01-18)

I see Mabel and we walk. Then my "husband" comes over and looks at me. I say, "Did you want to go home now?" He just looks at me noncommittally. I say, "I'll be there in a minute." He leaves. I say goodbye to Mabel, but feel uneasy because she might want to stay and talk. I feel pulled in two directions. So I go down the hall and round the corner and see my "husband" seated with his buddies in a tavern. I am looking in through a window. So I signal to him. "Did you want to stay with your friends longer?" He just looks at me. I signal that I'll go back and talk with Mabel for a while. When I find Mabel, she doesn't want to talk. (131 words)
#1213 (1989-01-18)

My daughter Paulina and I are going to Mabel's. I say, "You'll like it there. Good things to eat and lots of TV that's fun to watch." But when we get there, Mabel. is busy and angry. "I didn't expect this towel (you got wet) would take an hour to dry and I have my studies to do." (58 words)
#1214 (1989-01-19)

Something interesting is happening and a crowd of people have gathered in a circle. I drive my wheelchair around trying to find a place where I can get in to see. A man pauses and gestures that he's holding a place for me. I smile and say no and go on, realizing after I said no that that's what I wanted. Then I find a hole and another woman and I get in to see. Then I leave, now I'm walking and leaving the group. I am going to my car. A young man leans into the window of my car and starts talking. His name is John. He suggests we go for a drive. He gets in and drives. We're out on a country road talking and I'm aware he's looking for a place to park so we can kiss. I wonder why I'm there. He pulls over and scoots over and kisses me. It is gentle and tender. I turn away and say no, and push him away. He persists. I feel his need and love. I say, "You're a student at the community college and a young man. I'm an old woman. NO." He still wants me. Then I tell him to get out. He draws a map so I can find my way back. I get in the driver's seat and the car slides down a narrow, bumpy, dirt trail that has masses of blueprints and office papers all over the road. I manage to drive over it, wondering if my car can handle it. (259 words)
#1215 (1989-01-19)

I go into the house to change my clothes because Tim, a young man, wants a ride to the airport. I want to be around him so I agree to drive him there. He and another man follow me in and watch as I try on different clothes. I notice I've lost a lot of weight and my belly bulge is gone. I say I have three daughters' wardrobes to choose from and I can't find anything. I ask Paulina if I can wear some of her pants. She doesn't want me to. I plead. (95 words)
#1216 (1989-01-21)

I am walking through the halls of a school. A young girl (5th or 6th grade) really admires me and says, "I'll come to your office with you." I don't say anything, but I really don't want her with me. I want to be alone. She follows along behind me, very enthusiastic. I see Arvonne sleeping in the hall. She's wearing leathers and has a punk hair style. She lazily opens her eyes half way. I smile and signal hello. She smiles in recognition. I go upstairs. I look ahead and I see Arvonne standing in the hall. I point to my student and mouth to Arvonne, "Here is my student." (111 words)
#1218 (1989-01-22)

I am very anxious and sad. Paulina has decided to die. In about 15 minutes, she will die. I wail to my mother, "What have I done to give her the opportunity to make that decision?" I feel responsible. "Our only hope is that she will decide to live." I strongly hope she chooses life. (55 words)
#1219 (1989-01-22)

I see Willie. He is deciding to live or die. I am taking pictures of him with my camera. He hops and makes hand gestures and then he runs excitedly across the street to my van and pulls out a large registration card that has my name and some numbers on it. It also has huge letters that say "SNOB-NOSED" on it. Then I know he has decided to live. [BL] (70 words)
#1220 (1989-01-22)

I leave school and am looking for my ride. I see Ellie and the baby at my van and start to walk up the sidewalk. Then I don't see them. So I go back to catch a bus. Then I remember that I'd parked my van in the back parking lot. Veronica comes out and says, "You have an important phone call." I know it's about Paulina's decision to live or die. I go in. Someone shows me a big black phone and I push the blinking lift button. But the call is cut off. I go to the office and Veronica works at getting the connection. Now there is a spelling contest. I spell two words correctly. (Paulina is the other contestant.) I spell "ABSOLUTELY" and it is correct. (130 words)
#1221 (1989-01-25)

I'm seated in the front seat of a car in the middle. A man dressed in black is driving. A woman sits on my right. He keeps coming over and touching, caressing and wanting my butt. He's all warm and sexy and pleading. I say angrily, "Leave my butt alone." He would back off and then try again. I lean over to whisper in the woman's ear. I say, "I hope he can't hear me." She says he can't. [BL] (79 words)
#1222 (1989-01-25)

I am walking out with a man (Clint Eastwood). He is very tall. I look up at him and feel love and warmth. I wishfully say, "Are you going to try and change me?" He smiles and says NO. That's not right. He goes on to tell me that he's the strong and silent type. I shouldn't try to make him talk. The feeling was that I was already too verbal and made a lot of annoying noise. I need to really "listen" to the quiet and the feelings. I feel sad, because I like verbal and am good at it. (101 words)
#1223 (1989-01-25)

I sit on a small wrought iron high chair to go to the bathroom. It overflows. I use toiled paper and saran wrap to pick up the feces and put it back in. The chair is out open in a room. I wonder to myself why I chose to go there. (51 words)
#1224 (1989-01-25)

A selfish, mean woman kidnaps us. We are on a boat that is going around the Columbia River to the next stop. It's a short ride, like going around and around in a bathtub. She's after this guy sexually. He's not interested. Then she chooses this other guy who is more like her, and she has a great time with him. Then she comes out and hands platters of leftover food (ham, bread, etc.) to another man and leaves. The man thinks she's generous, but I know she's not. She was done with what she wanted and carelessly left the remains with someone else, so she wouldn't have to clean up herself. I was a little jealous because I wanted the food and "had more right to it." I'd been around and this guy hadn't. (135 words)
#1225 (1989-01-26)

I am leaving a C. Department meeting, by airplane, only something goes wrong and we have to get out. We land without crashing, but it's close! We are getting out and I check my pockets. I have change, 50-cent pieces and other coins. I have a receipt/ticket to get into the place we are going. I have someone else's ticket too. [BL] (61 words)
#1226 (1989-01-26)

Bonnie and I are done and go home. It's midnight and we are tired. Then we remember we have to take Mateo's baby sitter home. Bonnie says, "I'll take this one home and you take Maggie home." I am annoyed. I'm tired and hurting and I have to take a 2nd baby sitter home? Why did Mateo need two sitters anyway? (61 words)
#1227 (1989-01-28)

I am at a spiritual woman's house. I am lying on a couch and she's seated in a chair behind my head. She's talking into a tape recorder. I hear noise outside the house but ignore it. Then our session is over and I get up and go to the front door to look out. I see bushes across the road burning and her front garden and lawn has been flooded. The water hose is still on. I say, "Those vandals I heard about on the news were here! I'd best call the police. They've ruined your garden." She goes out to look. I call the police. I dial "0" and ask for the police. They are on the line very quickly. I say, "My name is Barb Sanders and I'm at...." "Hey," I yell to her, "What's your address here?" She tells me and I tell them. Then I describe the damage. I say, "You can even see their footprints." I hang up and wait for them. Then I hear her out there cleaning up the mess. I go out and say, "Don't do that. You'll ruin the evidence. You'll cover it up." I am concerned. I decide to go home. She gives me the tape of our session and says, "Don't work on this tonight. You've worked hard enough today." I say "OK. Maybe I'll just listen to it once." I smile because I realize I still intend to work on it. Then I look around for my car. I can't see it anywhere. I say, "Wouldn't I have parked it close to the house, so I wouldn't walk so far?" She walks up the side yard to look. I say, "Wait! Now when the police get here all they'll see is yours and my footprints!" [BL] (298 words)
#1228 (1989-01-28)

I realize my throat is going to spasm and I think I'd better yell for help while I still can and don't forget to swallow. I yell, "Help me! Help me!" (I semi-wake up, aware of coughing and a funny contracting feeling in my throat. It passes and I go back to sleep.) (53 words)
#1229 (1989-01-28)

I'm in a living room. A man likes me and sits close by me. I tell him no. He's not my type. I feel good that I can say that directly, but I sit there as he tenderly and needily strokes my face with his arm. I fall asleep. A man (Georgette Heyer hero) comes by and wakes me up. I think, "Ah! Finally! I'm halfway through the book and haven't met a man I like yet." This doctor is it. He takes me from the room to help preserve my reputation. He protects my reputation by lying to people. A girl has a small calico type short hair cat. I say, "Let me pet her. I'll bet I can tame her. She'll calm down and we'll like each other." I stroke her gently. I notice a small bald spot on her back like a sore healing. (147 words)
#1230 (1989-01-29)

A woman is mad at me and complaining. I'm in a bathtub and looking for my toothpaste. I can't find it. So I get out and go to my apartment. I see Hector and his friends. They'd been partying and are drunk. They're fixing food and I'm in the way. I say, "I'm just trying to get my bowl for breakfast and I'll be out of your way." They don't help or care. I try to find a bowl in a tall pile of dishes and platters and plates, almost knocking over the pile and breaking dishes. I find a shallow bowl. One guy comes back to half-heartedly help me. I leave to go to a house. I'm going to baby sit for a while. I see the baby, who is sleepy, lying on the couch. I pick her up to rock her to sleep and then I hear another baby. Someone brings in a tiny miniature baby, which is cold and blue. I touch its skin and leave a white imprint of my finger. I'm amazed. Then I hear more babies crying. I go in, followed by the complaining woman and see nine babies in cribs. I say, "I didn't know there were other babies." The woman decides to stay and help me. She is gruff and doesn't give freely. But she will stay and help. (227 words)
#1231 (1989-01-30)

A man named Jim has big green eyes. They are pretty. I'm in a car with Ellie, Rochelle and another young woman. Ellie ask, "Whose the lead Ingenue part?" I say, "I am. I get the guy." Ellie doesn't like that. Rochelle says, "I don't remember you telling us that part." I say, "I tried to, but you said never mind. You didn't want to hear it." She says, "Well, I do now. You should read the play so we can all decide." I feel frustrated, angry and feel like I'm going to lose my part. (96 words)
#1232 (1989-01-31)

I am newly married to the guy. I'm his second wife and he'll come into the room at any moment, so I'm hurrying to change into my nightgown for our "first night." We are strangers and I feel uncomfortable (strange) that we'll be making love soon. He peeks in too soon and I feel caught or embarrassed. Then his first wife runs in and out. She's drunk. I explain to her that her son responds to his two mothers differently. I think he responds to me better. Then President Bush comes through (it's like the old M City house) to the bathroom where he explains he keeps extra sets of clothes so in case he needs to change to accommodate a new person or situation, he can. Then he's in another narrow, long room. He says, "There's a lady here, what shall I wear? Shall I wear a dress?" He holds up an ugly polyester dress. My husband and I shake our heads no! How are we going to keep him from making a fool of himself by wearing inappropriate clothes? The first wife runs in and gets up on the counter and I say, "Oh no! She'll mess up his dinner." We rush over and pull her away from the microwave. I say, "It really is hard to have a sweet, cute sister-in-law who is drunk." (227 words)
#1235 (1989-02-02)

I see a baby boy who has a psychological problem. He holds his legs funny. I approach him and say, "Let me see." I lay him back and hold his legs like I'm changing his diaper. He has no balls. I say, "What has your mother done?" He looks embarrassed, like caught. His mother had hurt him when she diapered him, like molestation. [BL] (63 words)
#1237 (1989-02-03)

I am lying on a raised platform. Mateo comes and lies down on a small blanket on the floor next to me (in front of me.) I say, "Come on up here and lie with me. There's room." He says no. I say, "Then there's a small pillow you can use near you." He gets the pillow and lies down. He doesn't look very comfortable. H. comes in and I sit up, I try to straighten up the things near me. Tap shoes. Eyeglasses (Evangeline's). I shove them off the platform. Then I see a coke machine and an old refrigerator. Water is pouring out of their broken handles. I ask Bonnie, "Is that my fridge?" I thought I had a big new one. I get up and Bonnie and I start to clean up the mess. She had already laid down newspapers and some of my newsletters over the big puddle. I get a mop and move lots of water and sludge. I carry the mop outside and squeeze it dry. I go back and forth, noticing how strong I feel physically. (183 words)
#1238 (1989-02-05)

I'm on a tour bus. Co-worker Juliet is there. We went to Italy. I'm in a line. There is a ladder and I go up to the top of it and look down. As soon as I do, I feel unsure of my balance. The ladder topples and I fall down. Then some people come up to me to tell me that this quad back in the line is actually Mark Schoof, a senator's son. I look down on them for "name- dropping" but kind of wished I'd known that before. (91 words)
#1239 (1989-02-06)

I get in a car that Dan H is driving. He's not doing it very well. So I decide to drive. Things are slippery and we slide. My brakes don't hold very well. We drive but now it's like a giant stamper or xerox that imprints a page filled with alphabets or listings in alphabetical order. I lay each page or stamp down on the road and we travel, one page at a time. (74 words)
#1246 (1989-02-08)

I'm in my van and I see I'm near Rita H's house. I decide to visit. I drive backwards up a little hill and over gravelly stones. Her house is very tiny. I see her in the kitchen. She is all pink, even her hair. She's talking with some older woman. I apologize for interrupting. I am aware she's hiding someone in another room and I don't want to make trouble for her. (73 words)
#1247 (1989-02-09)

I am a cripple and I sit down on the sidewalk in front of a store to wait for my friend. I have packages of popcorn the seam of the sack is burst and I'm spilling popcorn. The fat owner of the shop comes out and wants me to leave. We are in France and I can't remember any French. So I say, "Ich have ein Freund." But I couldn't remember enough German to say, "Who will meet me here?" So I switch to Spanish and say, "Punto aqui." A man walking by tries to help translate. Then I say, "Oh, here's my friend." I see her down the street. I gather up my packages and walk to meet her. Her name is Susan. Now I'm going to introduce her to this woman. I say, "This is Susan," and the woman says, "Oh! I know her." They had met before. [BL] (150 words)
#1249 (1989-02-10)

My wheelchair is broken. I had driven it up to my van and gotten out. Then I saw a midget with no legs and deformed hands go in my chair with her two kids and drive it around. They broke it. I get out and try to find them. I ask a deaf woman for info on where they are. I have to repeat myself, but she understands pretty well. Then I decide I'll drive through the campground until I see them. [BL] (82 words)
#1250 (1989-02-10)

Now I'm going to jail, myself and two other women. A man and a woman are our teachers. They say we have to learn history in order to understand and then be released. 1803, Osprey. 1940. There are other dates and symbols. Three different times the teachers would take a break, go to another room and make love. We could see them and hear them. I commented that's not a very good idea for prisoners to see that because we can't have any. I hope to choose a room next time where I can't see them. I am released. Ginny and I also pick me up. We walk home in the heavy snow. We slide on ice on the road (the gutter the tires made). It's fun. I say, "We got to ice skate in jail." We slide our feet like we're skating. Dovre runs fast to see me. She's excited I'm home. I see a huge turquoise crystal rock and admire it. Ginny says, "It's yours," and gives it to me. I go inside where Ernie and Rigo are waiting. It is a sweet family scene. (187 words)
#1251 (1989-02-11)

A woman director is looking at the butts of the male and female actors. The woman's buns are big and heavy. The director says, "Ah! They don't make them like they used to." She admires them. Then the director gets up and goes to the door where a male worker is standing. She gives him a sexy come-on look and takes him off to have her way with him. Later, she returns. A fat Andy Divine guy comes and sits by her. He has on a small brown round derby hat. He says he's available should she be interested. She says she is. His hat wiggles up and down comically. Now I'm the actress. Josh comes up and says, "Dora's in the hospital and wants you to call her." I am surprised and concerned. I find a phone and call. A nurse answers. I hear Dora in the back ground say, "I'm expecting this call." The nurse says, "You can't talk to her." I say, "Wait. I was told to call her." The nurse is indignant that I would be so pushy and rude as to try to talk with Dora now. I feel embarrassed like it's not my fault, I'm just obeying a summons. Then I say, "Is it OK to come see her?" The nurse snorts derisively, "No, of course not." I get angry and say, "OK," then I hang up, slamming the receiver. Then I see Dora's daughter Daphne in a nurse's outfit and ask how her mom is. Daphne says she's doing better. I say, "What's wrong with he?" and Daphne says, "She's getting treatment for being a child sex molester." I am surprised and feel sad for Daphne and shocked about Dora. I'd never imagine she'd be like that! (294 words)
#1252 (1989-02-11)

A young man and I are running upstairs to our new apartments which are side by side. I am now alone and I see the door to his apartment open. It's #624. I peek around the corner and happily call out to him because I know he's there and I really want to see the apartment. He says, "Come in," and I walk around the corner. I see two rooms separated by a yellow lace curtain hanging on dark beautiful wood round hoops. I see pictures on the wall and furniture in place. The place has a warm lived-in feeling. Very pretty. I think, "How did he do that so fast?" My place is a mess with boxes stacked and nothing unpacked yet. (123 words)
#1253 (1989-02-11)

Joe K and I are in a small sports car. He's driving. We are soon to be lovers. We like each other. I see we are going very fast and cutting in and out of traffic like a race. He's watching me out of the corner of his eye to see if I'm scared. I mostly am enjoying the wind and the grace of the movement, but I do have some concern. I'm thinking about whether I'm in danger or not and if I am, I should stop it. I decide I'm safe. We get to this city and pull up to an apartment. We go in to have lunch. I am aware that we might decide to make love. I see the kitchen and take over immediately. I am walking well and take a bag of frozen shrimp and pineapple pieces out of the refridge. I wonder why I'm being so domestic and then think, "Oh well, he drove, so it's fair I do this." He is seated at the dining room table just waiting. I expertly lay the table - the two plates, the cups, the knives and forks, the two salads. He watches. I then sit to eat. He says, "What kind of rocks are these?" He points to a small box of rocks on the table. I sort through them and I say, "This one is igneous. These are quartz crystal. This looks like agatized material." I see a square of rocks that look like they had been started to be onyx chessmen and haven't been carved out yet. (263 words)
#1254 (1989-02-12)

I enter a large room. It is my apartment that I share with my husband of four months. It is late at night. He's already in bed. He's black and I'm white. I tiptoe in and lay down on the bed beside him. He is very aware of me. We've never made love, even though we are married. He wants me but he does not approach. I look at his sweet young face and am moved, maybe pity, or caring. I curl up to him and start kissing his cheek and neck. He is happy and excited. Finally, I have cared enough to give him this sexual gift. I sit on top of him and we have orgasm. It feels very good. Then we rest. Someone knocks on the door. I get up to open the door. He says, "Wait! You must not. It's the police." Our being of different races and together is very bad and against the law. I see the heavy deadbolt locks on the door. I go hide in the bathroom. I write phone numbers and names on a piece of paper and try to hide it so he can find it, but the police can't. Then the police are in the bathroom, questioning me. (209 words)
#1256 (1989-02-12)

I'm in a car. I look in the rear view mirror and see the headdress of an Indian Chief. He's riding a motorcycle behind me. My car is borrowed from someone. It's falling apart. The fender is peeling of, the wheel is unsteady, the steering wheel ill sharpened. I'm in the passenger side steering. I ask Ginny who is in the back seat to shift to "D" for drive. She does. Then because we're all over the road, I scoot over into the driver's seat to take better control. (89 words)
#1257 (1989-02-13)

I now live at Mabel's house with a young man named Jeff, who is learning counseling, and my sister Lydia or Paulina. It is a warm atmosphere where we use and learn counseling techniques. I start singing with someone. He sings, "I have the time." I repeat, "I have the time." It's a hearty blues/gospel song with background singers and clapping. It is joyous and strong. I am in excellent voice. I sit in between two people at a small round table on stage. I wear a hat that's too far down near my eyes. I keep trying to move it up so I can see and be seen better. I stand up while singing, my left arm around "Elmo's" shoulders. We sing, "To see the world," and then the best line, "Angels, hanging in the sky." I am thrilled at how well I can sing. It is beautiful. (149 words)
#1259 (1989-02-14)

A young, good-looking man like Darryl is attracted to me and I am to him. He starts to kiss me gently and tenderly. I like it. Then we are in the back seat and he leans back and says, "Before we go any further, we have to talk." He says he has some concerns about being full-time around my children, especially at breakfast time. I agree. I say, "When they were little, I used to count the days when they'd be old enough to get their own breakfast. Was I a terrible mother? But now that they are grown, it's easier. But it's still hard, I know." I continued, "I know that breakfast isn't the only issue. It's the children in general." He agrees. (124 words)
#1260 (1989-02-14)

I am talking to him (the same guy) on the phone. I am constantly interrupted by the antics of his 2-year-old boy who I am apparently babysitting. The boy runs and jumps from a high place. I yell, "Be careful," and get up to pick him up. He's flat and I peel him off the floor like a gooey plastic toy and then he's back to his original self. "Are you hurt?" I ask concerned. He smiles, and takes off playing again. I return to the phone, only now it's a girls voice and I ask who this is, hoping it's not his wife. It is his daughter and I think of what I'll say so I'll appear to just be a friend. Then the boy has a platter he's carrying with a wine glass, tall and slim, on it. "Be careful!" I call out. It slips off and hits the floor. I run to see if it's broken. It has a piece chipped out of it. I feel sad. The shape is changed. It's like a blue flower petal design. I go back to the phone. He's on the line. I say, "It was the glass we got at the Expo, in Seattle." (204 words)
#1262 (1989-02-16)

I look to an opened window. I see a cardboard. I pick it up. It's some forgotten thing that had been with the closed window for a long time. I pick it up. A black and white photo or drawing of a young woman is in the upper left l/4 of the cardboard. My mother says, "My nose." She is surprised and happy to see it. Apparently it's a drawing she started years ago to practice drawing a nose. (79 words)
#1263 (1989-02-17)

My mother wants a cup of water, good distilled water. I remembered seeing some on a shelf at a store so I go to get it. I can't find it. I look and look, then I ask for it. The clerk takes me to the first row of shelves with laundry items. That's not it. Then I see it on the 2nd row of shelves. I get it and have to sit on a round cylinder that unhooks and I am precariously hanging on to it and the cup of water. I get down. Now I'm looking for a cup. I ask Kay. She points out a large pitcher. No I say. Then I see a blue cup-shaped like a flower or a plant. I take it and sit it on a table next to some people I know. Then I go outside to sight-see for a few minutes even though its nearly midnight and the clerk is tired and wants to go home. I think I'm in India. A man with dark, long hair (hippie length) walks by and stops and looks at me. He smiles and says, "Oh, I thought you were someone I knew." I said, "Oh, I thought you were Merle," he goes on. I see very ornate carvings all over the building's walls. (218 words)
#1266 (1989-02-18)

I am with Howard. We've been married a long time but we don't have sex. He's very frustrated. I feel sorry for him, but I just don't want to with him. I get up, thinking it's morning, but it's 5:20 a.m. and still dark outside. I am organizing some old papers and books. He gets up and goes sadly into another bedroom. (62 words)
#1270 (1989-02-19)

I visit Shannon. She is with her boyfriend who is Bob (her ex-husband), only I comment that he was my ex-boyfriend's (Darryl's) best friend Darryl. We are packing up stuff. They are here to help me. I think, "How nice of them to pay for the gas to get here and back," and I feel a little guilty about choosing not to chip in to help pay for their expenses. I think, "It's OK. They are my friends. Let them do it." I start to pack my muffin tins and notice that her very ornate crystal rock is in the plastic bag with it. It's a huge rock with pocket holes in it where beautiful agates and crystals fit in. I think she got it from my father. I think, "Oh, oh. I better give her back her crystal." (139 words)
#1271 (1989-02-19)

Now I'm in a race. I line up with the little kids, age 2 on up. Then there are some women and three men. I think, "We won't count the kids as part of the competition. Just let them run for fun." I'll probably win or be close in the women's division and the guys will win the race. I feel determined. The race starts and I am out in the lead. The guys are very close behind me. I put out heroic efforts, panting, running; it's hard to do. I pull myself step by step. The curb or railing is pink and I pull on it to get me up the hill. The guys get ahead of me. I'm sweating and exhausted. I come into a room. They are seated, drinking ice water and taking a breather. I just keep on going. I hope they don't notice I'm gone until I've gotten a good lead! I struggle and struggle. Then they notice and race. I just barely cross the finish line ahead of them. The winner. I collapse from the strain and lie there panting, catching my breath. (189 words)
#1274 (1989-02-22)

I am seated on a stairway thing like you can roll out to an airplane. Suddenly it starts to move. It rolls into a room and it starts dancing with the projected image of Alister Cooke. After the dance I smile and point to his retreating figure and say, "I know I danced with you." I go into another room. I'm standing now. A fat girl is looking over at a fat boy. They are making eyes at each other shyly. So I open some object to attract the guy over for her so he'll have an excuse to come talk to her. He comes over and they walk off together. Some man calls to me and wants some glue. I see a bottle and throw it over to him. It's old and sticks badly as it lands on a wall near him. He is angry and asks for fresher glue. I throw another one. It's not good either. He's very angry and comes at me. I must kick his balls and hit his face to protect myself. (178 words)
#1275 (1989-02-22)

A woman has been running from her mean husband. She is blindly feeling the walls as she goes down the street. She comes to a telephone booth. I join her and offer to help. We look up names of people/agencies that can help her. I decide we'd choose a time in the afternoon and go back to her apartment and get her personal things when her husband isn't around. Then my male friend and I can help her decorate her new apartment with her own possessions. I am in her apartment. The husband (like Cary Grant) harasses me. I write down info about the wife and he wants that info. I refuse to give it to him. He is angry and threatening. (122 words)
#1278 (1989-02-23)

I am seated near Howard/Arthur who hands me a valentine and asks if I had received one like this, would I respond favorably? It's wordy and long with 2 or 3 pages. The first page has hearts and the word "husband" in a square that moves (so different words can show in the "window") I say, "Yes," but I'm just being polite and I think, "I've already married you once." We are both pretending the valentine isn't for me and I am actually confused if it is or not, so I pretend nonchalantly, then I gather up some belongings I'd been collecting. I look in a paper sack and see sugar-free bubble gum, sugar-free M & M's and chocolate chips. There is a small, golden miniature trunk that has drawers that open up. I spill candies and am scooping them up with my hands. It's been a long time since I'd had sweets and don't want to leave any of them behind. (162 words)
#1279 (1989-02-23)

I am shooting at a man who stole millions of dollars. I fire bullet after bullet. Several hit him in the leg or back. He flinches, but keeps running. Howard (sheriff) stands to my left. I reload the gun and throw away some spent shells. The bad guy locks himself in a vault-like place with a small window of thick glass. I load a huge empty "dum dum" shell and fire it at the glass. It's like a bazooka or flame thrower fire starts. I see his eye huge, scared and prominent peering out at the fire. I know I've got him now. I wonder how "they" made his eye so prominent. Probably colored it a special color to draw attention to it. The fire spreads and he runs out. I yell, "Get the money." I start to go in, but the flames are too much. So I order four women to go in (deputies) They do, and throw out boxes with stacks and stacks of bills. (167 words)
#1280 (1989-02-24)

I'm traveling with a group. I think we're in Alaska, looking at the wilderness, walking a track. People watch me to see if I can handle it. Stairs are steep. People are sitting on the stairs and I have to walk over them carefully. Now we are at a meeting and a friend gets voted in to a special office of importance. I get voted in to a new office. They've been waiting for someone with the proper skills to show up. A writer. I get to be historian, or scrap book person. I'm not too thrilled. Then Rita and I walk to the beach down a steep path. I look out across the ocean and I see huge waves and a heavy, threatening sky. A bad storm is coming. We are concerned about some of our group who are out on boats. Will they get back safely? I pick up some of Rita's vials and eye drop things (German Rita who is visually impaired). I don't get them all. I go back to the huge dorm-like house. The group meets. Ellie and Paulina are in swimsuits and want to go down to a little swim. I say, "No. It's too dangerous." They are hard to convince, but they return with us. The male leader says, "It's confirmed. It's SAM (the name of the hurricane.) They're even breaking out the canoes in New England. It's a big one. So get inside. Be prepared. We'll survive it. I ask if we have enough food to last. There is. [BL] (257 words)
#1281 (1989-02-25)

I am at a conference. I look for an elevator. I see a ridiculously small dumb waiter door. I wonder if I'll fit! I go in and see a toilet, a desk, several chairs. It's an office for the operator and quite roomy. So I go in and we travel down and then out on the street to the next location. Now Rochelle and I are going into a room. There are lesbians in there and Rochelle takes my hand. She is wearing white gloves. My hand lays inept in hers. I don't want to hold her hand because I don't want the lesbians to think I am one. I feel uncomfortable, but I don't pull my hand away because I don't want to hurt Rochelle's feelings. In another room, I hear a man talking and he mentions M City High. He's a coach. I say, "When were you there?" I also graduated from M City High. He smiles and says, "1939 or 1932." I go into another room where people are talking about women's issues and a man is grimacing cause he's tired of hearing about it all the time. (191 words)
#1282 (1989-02-25)

I'm sitting on the sidewalk near the gutter and say to myself, "Wow. I'm in the gutter, literally." I feel unbalanced, like the sidewalk leans uphill. Then I look up in the sky and see a huge, square aircraft and three planes hovering near it. It's a fueling craft. I am amazed at how low they are! The noise is very loud. A man wonders if he should protect himself by putting his arms over his head and ducking. I go inside. A man is going to teach me something. He says he'll be the drummer and I'll improve a role. I go to a table and pick up a pair of banjos and start playing a rhythm. He has a single round drum with some feather design on the skin. He puts his drum away as I am now the drummer. I play intricate sounds and dance around. Then I stop and describe the planes I saw to my parents who seem interested but look bored. I tell what the man said and how close they were. "I could even read the writing on it, it was so low," I say. (192 words)
#1283 (1989-02-26)

I am on a bus. Three of us women are in charge of this baby. One woman breast feeds the baby. Two little boys get off the bus and into the elevator I'm in. One boy says to the other, as he's coming in the elevator, "Did you see those breasts!" The door shuts so that he and I are the only two in the elevator. He is red-faced with embarrassment. I want to ease his feelings, so I pretend to be deaf and ask him to tell me the floors as we go up so he'll know I'm "deaf." Now I get on the bus again. The other two women go up near the front. I go up there and say, "I knew it. No seats available up here. Just thought I'd try." I go back down the aisle a few rows and sit in a seat next to the baby. She says, "Agua," and I say, "I'm sorry. She (the other woman) forgot to bring the water." I felt sorry for her and picked her up and held her close, rocking her. She is very sweet. I am upset with the woman who forgot the water. She's up front having fun and being carefree while this baby goes without. The baby is very patient. (216 words)
#1286 (1989-02-27)

My mother tells me that Aunt Muriel died. I am surprised because I had just written to her because I'd dreamed about her last week. I started looking for the dream book to show my mother what I'd written. I can't find it. I pick up a child's schoolbook and read it until I realize it's not the dream book. I had been packing to go visit my mother and I find the dream book. I open it to a dream where a beautifully drawn picture is on the page and the dream was written over it. I am very impressed. I had no idea I was capable of such excellent drawing skills. It is a vague cousin V, her husband and their baby. [BL] (124 words)
#1287 (1989-03-01)

I'm on some kind of tour bus, going from one place to another to accomplish tasks. One stop is the hand surgeon to look at my hands. I see a mechanical mama going up stairs. A small mechanical baby rides in her wagon (her back) a "toddler" sized wheel is attached on the back and it's going faster than the mama and has to slow down or get cramped up uncomfortably. They bounce uncomfortably up the stairs. Now I'm on a bus. We stop. I say, "Is this place accessible." I see a ramp. The bus driver thinks there are a few steps. I remember I'd been there before and decide not to go now. Josh is near the back of the bus and decides we'll all skip this stop, but four or five women get off anyway and we drive away. Josh is concerned that we will forget them and leave them. So I memorize the address, 4th and main. We go to the next stop. (167 words)
#1288 (1989-03-01)

I am in Grandma Agnes' living room. I see a picture of Clyde on the piano, only it's not him. It's an antique picture of a full-bearded man (maybe guy Arthur). His eyes are startling: shiny, silvery and intense. It's spirit world stuff. I look around the room. A light suffuses the room. It is light from the spirit world. I feel a little scared. I hear scary music and feel tension. Nothing happens. Just the light is there. [After I wake up, I decide to meditate on that light, and saw the following images: l. A cobblestone street (rainy like London, very old that goes down and beyond. It sorts of disappears into the light. The feeling of a tunnel. I see then a cloaked figure (at first I think it is death. Maybe it is. Then it seems to be a woman. She goes into the light. 2. I see a door at a corner of a wall. It is only the open door hole, no actual door to open or close. Blackness is beyond. 3. A jail cell door swings open, I swing on it like a garden gate. 4. A face, headband, narrow, small eyes, high up forehead, bulbous nose, small mouth, bad teeth. I wonder if this is my guide. There is "Indianness" about it. I am disappointed at its ugliness, then I try to think of it as "rough hewn."] (79 words)
#1290 (1989-03-02)

I am in a room. Bonnie comes in to introduce her new fiance. He is short, balding, has a moustache and is white. He has several sons. One is a midget and retarded, full-grown man. I call him "son" like he's a child. Bonnie takes care of him like Cher in "Moonstruck." I am surprised she chose him. I feel sad, realizing I'm the only one left unmarried. I ask if he smokes. She says no. I then say, "OK, I won't smoke in your house. I will respect that." (90 words)
#1292 (1989-03-03)

A little mouse with tiny ears is in a box. I feel guilty because I had left it in there for a long time without food or water. Someone takes it out and puts it with other mice in a box with food and water. Its ears become huge like bat wings with a red rose painted on each one. It slips out of the person's hand and falls, but it is flexible and quick and is ok. [BL] (78 words)
#1294 (1989-03-03)

I'm a stunt car driver. I'm good. I hang on as the car roars around and seconds before it crashes and burns, I jump. I am surrounded by the dense black smoke of the fire and walk out of the cloud coughing and grasping for air. Someone clamps an oxygen mask on me and we walk up the stairs. I regain my strength. We go into the boss's office and I'm very aggressive and uppity. I know I'm good and he'd better pay me well or I'll walk out. (89 words)
#1295 (1989-03-04)

I am crawling up, hand over hand, a long pole. It's the entrance to the penthouse. I am very afraid. Maybe my hands won't hold on and I'll fall. I'm afraid of heights. Some man is with me, right behind me. We make it up to the top. His father is there. He's rich and uncaring. Now I'm on a boat in raging waters. Other women are on the boat, including a huge, 500 pound fat woman. The water is moving so fast, it's almost solid like taffy. I stand in one of the waves and push and work it with my hands to keep from drowning. Then suddenly the water dries up and I look forward and see a dried-up small creek bed with two old crazed men sitting on the bank. I feel terror. (136 words)
#1296 (1989-03-04)

I'm walking down a road. I carry a small purse with pens in it. We are going to a party. The road goes through a house with rooms on each side. I am going downhill. It's like a hall. On the left a woman is bedridden. On the right are kitchen drawers. A small bird or two fly in. The woman in bed says, "They like to perch on the drawer knobs sometimes." I find the door to the party and open it up. A very steep stairway goes nearly straight down. I close the door, annoyed. I can't go. Then a woman says, "There's another way around the back." While she's clearing out stuff, I go find a bathroom. There are beds stored in there and the toilet is an adult-sized potty chair which has urine in it. I pee and it overflows. I stand up and now have a barrel stuck to my butt. It is dripping excess urine. I walk out into the hall, now wearing a robe to hide this mess. I hope no one notices. (180 words)
#1298 (1989-03-06)

I'm going to go swimming. I find the lockers and then I'm in a cafe at a University. I see my friend. She points to the exit. I pay my bill and go after her. The exit is in the rear of the cafe. A group of men are seated at a table near the door. It is difficult to squeeze through. They tease us and then make room. We go out and I remember I had a bicycle. We look everywhere and can't find it. I realize it's been stolen. My friend (Shannon or Jennifer) says I should have chained it! Next time I'll remember to lock it! I feel a little guilt. (114 words)
#1300 (1989-03-07)

I'm in a mobile office waiting for my team to come in. They do. They are great big, tough soccer players. Noisy. One is complaining because he hates the Strong Campbell Interest inventory and wants to sue somebody so he doesn't have to do it. Then another guy falls out of a bunk bed and bangs his head and drags out a box full of stuff. The first guy grabs something from the box and says, "Hey! That's mine," and they start arguing and pushing. I stand up and yell at them to stop. He stands up very tall over me and snarls, "Oh yeah?" I gather up all my strength and yell, "You'd better sit down and right now!" He just melts like a scared pup into the chair. I walk away feeling some pride at winning. I explain that he'll sue whomever he wants and he'll still take the test if everyone else has to. I go outside and see I'm on a boat and some papers are sliding off into the water form the movement of the boat and the wind. I feel some concern. (188 words)
#1301 (1989-03-07)

Rochelle tells me she's glad I've changed. She was getting to where she hated it when I'd talk long and lengthy, using phrases like "whereas" and other bureaucratic terms. I agree and ask her to do me a favor. I say when I slip back into my long-winded style, would she lean over and whisper, "You're doing it again." Then I can continue to do better. [BL] (66 words)
#1302 (1989-03-08)

I'm at a Japanese restaurant. I have a wallet full of cash. A man and a woman in the next booth steal my wallet. I see them put it in her purse. I yell, "Hey look, somebody. They stole my money." I could see it and pointed to it, but no one would believe me. Then they stare at me. The hit man held a gun to my head and said, "I could just kill you right now." I smiled and leaned back and said, "Please do." I waited, but he chose not to. I felt disappointed. They took me to a playing court (like tennis courts.) The woman had stolen me because I have great artistic ideas and she wants to paint them. She's standing at an easel trying to paint. I sit down. She says, "I could just make you love me. But I won't." "Good," I said, putting my feet up (I'm Walter Brennen), "because it would never work!" We are in a small courtyard off the main one with sliding glass and wooden doors like in Japanese homes. (182 words)
#1306 (1989-03-09)

I go into Susie S's house. It's in a run-down neighborhood, but it once was the best neighborhood, so the architecture and tile work are still beautiful, though dusty. She's going to have a baby. We see the nursery. The living room walls are white tile with brown tile square frames. In the nursery, I see a pile of old clothes of mine I'd forgotten to move into my house. I start to go through them, finding pieces I remembered I liked. Ellie is here. Then I find a pile of little kittens and dogs that had been there for a long time. I feel badly because they've been forgotten and hadn't had food or water for too long. One little kitten's paws are deformed and they are weakened. I gather them up and take them outside. I suggest to Ellie she take the littlest kitten. She'd rather take one not so bad off, one of the white ones. I get annoyed and insist she take the littlest one. Outside, my mother pours water into a bowl and I put the kitties near it so they can drink. One puppy lies on my lap, a golden cocker spaniel type. I pet it and say, "This one likes that. She could stay forever like this. I've got a friend for life." Then the puppy is a child with a British accent. I ask how long she's been abandoned by her parents. "Eleven days," she says. I ask her if she wants to get back with them. She says, "Oh, yes." I say, OK, we'll work on that." (266 words)
#1307 (1989-03-10)

I am packing. I have to leave at 3:30 to get on the bus by 4:00. One of my students declares his love for me. His name is Harry Palmer and he has a crazy mother. He's a little plump and flabby, but a nice guy. I feel warmth for him, but tell him no. I appreciate his feelings but I don't return the feelings. He is pathetically sad. I am telling my students, two males and one young woman, about my travels. The other man is seated on the floor very close to the woman. She whines that it's her space. I agree with her and ask the guy to move. He goes to another spot, crawling under a bookshelf. He finds a filmstrip and I hold it up to the light. I say it's very interesting. Old time pictures. He wants us to get a projector and look at them. I say, "If we have time," and then I see it is 2:45! "Oh! No time," I say and rush off to pack. I start to pull books and papers out of a drawer and say, "It's not like I'm going to France." I'm just leaving the community college for a while. I can return to get things later. I see that Harry has forgotten my toothbrush and shrug my shoulders. Oh well. I can get another. (229 words)
#1308 (1989-03-10)

Ginny, another woman and myself have on long white dresses. We see a marimba band. "Oh good," says Ginny and starts dancing. I start to dance too. We don't care that it is three women in a circle, no guy. But I am a little self-conscious about it. I look out the window and see a wedding going on. The groom comes over to talk with me. As we talk, he sits on an office chair on wheels and I sit on his lap. He hugs me close and we wheel around as we chat. It feels very companionable. I am telling him how people come up to me and say, "So what's wrong with you?" and "What's your condition?" and "Do you have a family?" I use a whiney singsong voice to answer them. Then I hug him and say, "But like for you, a friend, it's OK, I want to share, but not to strangers." Then he says, "Poor Harry Palmer." I say, "I knew him. Yeah, that's sad." I enjoy being with this guy as we wheel around talking. (182 words)
#1309 (1989-03-10)

I am in my wheelchair and go down this hall/porch. I see two girls (college age) seated at several wheelchair-height desks trying to decide whether to buy them or not. I pull up and say, "They won't be helpful for school. Too cumbersome to carry and fold and besides, they have tables there, but for home they're OK." They thank me and I go on in the house. The kitchen is a mess: dishes in sink, paper sacks on floor. I start to clean out the leather tool pouch on my waist. A huge screwdriver handle I think, "Wow that's big! And then it's a bottle of smooth liquid "power supply" oil. I keep that. Then I open a bottle of assorted pills and pour them out - some big white calcium tablets, some tiny white ones (cortisone) and some bird shaped ones, like in jewelry (broken). Someone knocks on the door. I answer. A man asks, "Is this where they want info on funerals?" I say, "Oh. That was last week. We already had the funeral." He looks incredulous, so I explain. I didn't want the funeral parlor stuff, but I wanted the body to be properly fixed (embalmed). He finally shrugs and leaves. I say to Ellie, "Go get the cat with the ribbon and sign on it and take them off her. We don't need to advertise anymore." I continue to cleanup. I pull out a bottle of whiskey and tell Ellie to put it on top of the fridge or wherever booze (spirits) is kept. (259 words)
#1310 (1989-03-11)

My father and I are in a rowboat and the motor won't start. I see a big boat going by. My father is of the opinion we'll work it out and don't need the other boat. I feel we'd better get help while it's here or we'd get stranded. I call over. We hook up to them and they drag us to shore. On shore, I discover three tiny, funny creatures that are "new," no others like them in the world. I've "discovered" something special. One is white, one is black and one is crusty colored. I call them B's Buddies. My thought comes to me that if I find something small and cheap to reproduce and sell them, I could make a lot of money! Now I come to my house and I go in and walk from room to room, naming the rooms. On several occasions, I was not satisfied with the size or type of room as it appeared in my dream and I changed it to what I liked better. A living room, a dining room, a sitting room, a bedroom, a kitchen, the children's room, a play room. Now there are two kids, a boy and a girl. They are being noisy and naughty. I push them into their room and slam the door. They are talking about sneaking out. I listen in at the door. As they try to sneak out, I grab them and throw them back in. I slap them several times. The children are very angry at me. I am angry at them. (262 words)
#1311 (1989-03-13)

I'm on some journey. Then Maggie has a prescription for an orgasm. I experience an orgasm while I'm seated on a couch. There are other people in the room, so I drop my head down like I'm contemplating and look at the floor, concentrating on not moving or making any noises so no one will know I'm doing this in public. Afterwards I hope they don't see my flushed face. The nurse tells Maggie she came to the wrong place. I intervene and tell the nurse it's really a Birth Control Medication, so she tells Maggie to go to Student Health in the basement. (104 words)
#1312 (1989-03-13)

Now I'm a doctor and I come at my shift. The other doctor says, "We've got that cranky patient. He wants an operation. He wants to remove some of his intestines to make room for some extra organs, like maybe a kidney." I say, "Which organ does he want?" The other doctor says, "Oh, he's not sure yet." I say, "What does he think, this is a multiple-choice organs?" Now the surgery is being done to me for him. The nurse says, "Good. You are dilated," meaning my blood vessels in my stomach area. I feel it. Later, after the surgery, I walk slowly into recovery room. I take the soft, cushioned chair of the other doctor who also is recovering. He protests, so I move. Someone wheels him near me, teasing. I say, "Don't you know we can't stand each other? Take him away." Bill Cosby as a doctor is in there somewhere. (154 words)
#1314 (1989-03-14)

Howard and I are at a graduation. We are seated in the audience several rows from the front. I look up the aisle and see the aqua green-gowned graduates walking down the aisle. I shake hands with one and talk with another. He introduces his wife. She sits in front of me. He says, "I'm finally graduating." I say, "I graduated several years ago." Then I notice our seats are changing into a bus and the wife is a bus driver and I say, "Wait. We had good seats. I don't want to go." She ignores me. I feel kidnapped. I feel annoyed. I look out the window and see huge hologram-like pictures or maybe the figures are giant balloons. One figure is a gorilla with a woman dressed like in the circus sliding out of his mouth. Another figure was a woman/bee hanging in the sky (shades of Macy's Parade). A third group are like Amazon women fighting something. I comment, "Tough neighborhood we're in." It's an understatement. I see the freeway stretch out before me. Howard and I are talking and it develops into an argument. He says, "Why do you get upset and hysterical over little things like 'the wood in the morning?'" I say, frustrated, "Because you don't listen to me." He interrupts and I put my fingers on his lips and say, "Shut up and listen to me." I sound hysterical like he'd described. Howard looks like he's laughing at me. (246 words)
#1316 (1989-03-14)

I'm at L College. So is Howard He's going to show us all something. It interrupts a dance. We go into the next room and he starts to do an autopsy on a body. I watch the reflecting mirror above the table. I don't want to watch, I feel queasy. (50 words)
#1317 (1989-03-14)

Bon Jori, a rock group, is playing on stage. I'm in the wings and want to rehearse with them. They do some contact improv and won't let me enter. So I go out to the audience. I'm angry and think, "OK! You just wait and see. You'll regret that." I talked to the women and then one by one and told them how they wouldn't let me join them. We all agreed to get up and walk out during their performance. We do. I step out the door and open it back up to let other women through. I hear them stop playing, in confusion calling out, "Hey lady, where are you going? What's going on?" Some men in the audience wanted me to tell them what's going on, but I chose to only talk to the women. I feel revenge. I see the audience only half full and smile. (150 words)
#1318 (1989-03-15)

The house is a mess. If my mother, Lydia and I work together, we could get it all cleaned up. Then I go outside along the road and pick up papers. I throw away toilet paper and gunk. I keep some small bottles and things I think are pretty. I'm going to school. I have my schedule of classes and I look to see what my next class is. It's Hollywood at ll:30. Then it changes to Spectra or something sciency. Now an old man in a car picks me up. He drives us into a building. He has a key that unlocks the door and the elevator. He tells me to pull the key out of the box for him. I think we're in a big Cadillac. (128 words)
#1319 (1989-03-16)

I am running in fear. Something is after me. I run across the hall to Theresa's door. I call out, "Theresa, Help me." I am temporarily covered by the protective wings of a huge bird. I enter the house and call for Theresa. Her family comes downstairs and asks coldly, "What do you want?" They block me from Theresa. I must run. I go across the hall. It is in hot pursuit. I make a phone call. It doesn't help. I see it. It is Burt Lancaster. He has a huge rifle. I shoot at him at the same time he fires at me. He won't die. I feel fear. (110 words)
#1321 (1989-03-17)

Dolores M is trying on some clothes at a store. I see that the hooks to hang the clothes are way up high too high to reach. They follow the slope of the stairs. I say, "That's silly. Why did they do it that way?" Dolores has very heavy makeup on her face. She's here to interpret for the deaf. As I am standing, talking to her, two or three men of color, one black, one or two Native Americans, crowd around me very close. The black man is softly kissing my neck from behind. The Native American man is to my right, talking softly. Another stands some distance from us, but he and I are talking with our eyes and occasionally words. Now I'm seated in the front row. A show of some kind (fashion perhaps) will soon begin. I see a baby and ask to hold it. His blankets are all wrinkled up, so I lay him down on the floor to straighten the blanket up. I end up with the baby in a metal box that cramps the baby's legs up. I hold the baby to my chest and am concerned if it can breathe because the metal lid has closed. I open it some and say, "Boy, this baby sure doesn't like this!" I feel a little sorry I'd gotten it in this predicament. [BL] (228 words)
#1324 (1989-03-18)

I'm in a foreign country, Russia perhaps. I'm trying to escape and nearly get out when someone notices me and calls me over. I am worried. They are going to ask me some questions about my birth certificate and if I don't lie well, I'll get caught. I try to remember which name I should use and decide on B. I do OK by tricking them and sealing the envelope I've written the answers in before they can read them. I leave. (82 words)
#1325 (1989-03-18)

Ellie introduces me to Jerome G. He and I like each other immediately. We hug and kiss and are very loving. He has a blue cat that looks at first like a spider and then is a cat. I pet it lovingly. The three of us are on a bed. Ellie comes in and I get concerned, but he says, "Don't worry." Then we get up and go into the living room. His housekeeper fixes us a lovely dinner. I thank her for her kindness. She tells me this is her night off. (93 words)
#1327 (1989-03-19)

I go to a man's house. It's a mess: dishes in the sink, beer bottles and full ashtrays on the dining room table. I start to wash the dishes. He comes home from work. He is tired and not very handsome. He is upset with me for interfering. I apologize and agree not to do any cleaning. So I ask him for the computer information I came for. He goes to his computer and I look out the window while I wait. I see lots of trees and I think they are very pretty. I notice one tree in particular. I think, "Why it's a mandala, the way the leaves form a lovely circle," (like an umbrella tree). Then another tree has leaves shaped like shovels (work crane shovels). The mandala tree has leaves shaped like birds of paradise. A woman comes to the window to talk to the man. She'd been picking berries in the field across the road. She invites him to a dance. He shrugs. She says, "Don't you want to meet eligible women?" He agrees. I feel a little left out and think, "Well, what about me? Aren't I eligible?" I have a feeling he and I are going to get together lovingly. (207 words)
#1329 (1989-03-20)

I had taken a written test and the woman wanted the papers. I went over to the couch and got them and brought them to her. She says, "Oh, you haven't filled out the information part." I groan and sit to write. "The questions," I say, "are harder than the test." I see they want my mother and father's names. I write their names and then can't find the right line to put it on! There are a series of questions that require the answers "very" or "very much." I usually choose "very much," then some guy demands to come in and my husband and I refuse him. We are busy with this test and he is interrupting. He's very angry and tries to force his way in. We block the door. Then he pulls a gun. He holds it on me and threatens to kill me and also rape me right in front of my husband. I jump him and we wrestle for the gun. I finally get it and run outside and hide it and come back in and hide beside the couch. Some woman tries to cover me with an afghan while the guy's not looking. I hide behind the couch, sandwiched between two huge couch-sized cushions. (210 words)
#1330 (1989-03-21)

I am flying into outer space; no space ship, just my body. I land on a planet. There are bad creatures there like zombies that take over your body. Some of the people are already taken over and you don't know which one is which. One is coming after me. He's got a ray gun and starts to pour purple rays into me. I fire back. He laughs. It won't hurt him. "You might as well give up," he smirks. I increase the rays, but he only laughs more. Suddenly I slow the pulses of the rays down. Now he's in trouble. He falls, stunned. I pick him up and slam him time after time against the ground, which finally kills him. Now I'm another person watching and I say, "Take his gun." We go into the jungle, uphill. Many other people are there too. I say to my companion, "Lots of them are the enemy already. For all I know you may be too. If you make any funny moves, you are dead." We walk carefully up the hill through the jungle. (183 words)
#1331 (1989-03-21)

My baby goes into my Grandma Mildred's bedroom and wakes her up, only it's Grandma Agnes. I go in after her, shushing her and taking her out. I see in the kitchen that Grandma has started a pancake breakfast. I try to flip the pancakes so they'll cook, but it's messy. Then Sonja comes in and I walk out with her. We are in the back seat of a car. She is very caring. and hugs me. I return the hug and tell her thanks for the books she sent. I particularly liked the Beverly Cleary one. Sonja smiles and says, "But what about the other one? It's more important." I say, "It was interesting trying to weasel out of having to say I haven't read it because it's a Christian book." I get out of a car and start hitchhiking. A street cleaner (huge vehicle) yellow, stops. The woman driver looks at me and I say, "I'm going the other way for a few blocks. Is it OK?" She says, "Sure," and turns the machine around. Then she hops out and pours coffee in pretty china cups for the male crew. I think about her dual role of independent career woman and then being the server of coffee for men. Then the vehicle becomes five wheelchairs all hooked together in a row. We take off. (226 words)
#1332 (1989-03-21)

I'm on a stage in a play. I do a bit and the audience applauds. I go off stage and change into my "Beaula" costume. I put white, drippy paint on my hair and beads that clatter down the center of my head and down the back of my head. Co-worker Juliet is there. I want to do a good "Beaula" for her. I think she's lesbian. I go on stage and the audience roars with laughter. I love it. Three other characters are on stage talking about my character. One man is homosexual and makes a joke. Someone asks if he does OK with his girls. He smiles and says, "Oh yes, I do well enough with 'my girls.'" It means he's got a double meaning there. I come back on stage and do this great wheelchair dance, first in duo with someone in a manual and then a wheelie popping solo. The audience loves it and applauds. Then I go for an encore bow with a Rose (a commercial product) and the audience is nonresponsive. I walk out on a stairway that is closed. The audience is blocked to me by a wall and I know they are there but I can't see them. I work hard to get them to respond. They finally do. (217 words)
#1333 (1989-03-23)

I'm going to my school. I pass through a hall filled with booths that sell junk foods of all kind. I say, "I'll probably not eat much, but it's nice it's available." I get into an elevator. It goes up and then sideways. I travel a long tunnel which I think of as dragon's breath. It is smoky with misty swirls. It stops at my dorm room #451. I go in. My roommate asks which setting of light I prefer. There is "brilliant" and "dimmer." I choose brilliant. She wants dimmer. I give in to her. Now I'm on a couch and Jon sits next to me. He touches my breast and I lean over and whisper to him that if he does that again, I'll punch him in the face and yell out loud so people will know. He backs off a little, but hangs out close by on the couch. (152 words)
#1335 (1989-03-24)

I am laying in a bed in a living room. Jared is laying on the couch across the room. It's night and we're getting ready to sleep. He starts talking about his beliefs in aliens in space. Something interrupts him and he stops talking. I do not encourage him to start up again, and then I wonder if his feelings are hurt, so I start the conversation again, saying how interesting I find the subject. I noted in the dark room that a gumball machine had been put up on the wall under Tom's picture. I think, "Who had the nerve to decide where to put my gumball machine?" I am annoyed. Then I notice we have fleas. I think about Howard and wonder if, since we never make love anymore, if he has affairs on the side. I decide that it's OK if he does. A woman says, "Oh, I think he does. I once talked to a little girl who said he was going to be her daddy soon." (171 words)
#1338 (1989-03-26)

I'm in a gym, like at a graduation. It's time to leave and the crowd is moving very fast, especially the freshmen. I go slowly and carefully so I don't get knocked down. Across the way is this good-looking guy. He watches out for me. I see him outside and pass several friends as I make a beeline for him. I'm very happy to see him. He's glad I chose the safer way of walking out. (76 words)
#1339 (1989-03-26)

I'm at a school. I'm outside. It's time for the children to come in. Some of the boys run and play hide. I yell at them to stop playing around and get in here now! They hide in the grass. I hold an umbrella and go over and poke them. They get up, except one who doesn't move. I realize he's dead and I pick him up quickly and pull out a clod of dirt from his mouth and give him artificial respiration. He regains his breath and I yell to the boys, "Go tell Claude (my good-looking friend) so we can take him to the hospital." They run. I carry the boy and joyfully I see Claude has gotten the word and runs for a car. He meets me and we get in. The kids are all screaming that they want to come. I tell them that to be helpful they need to quiet down and back off. I pull one boy off the car. Then I look down at the boy's face in my arms. A clock sack is over his head and I say tenderly, "I saw you smile!" I feel relieved. He's going to be OK. (200 words)
#1341 (1989-03-28)

I'm going up a mountain trail in my wheelchair. I see the crest of the mountain looks like a huge eagle-type bird. It's so real, I think I see real feathers. Then as I approach it, I see it is a real bird, only smaller now. I'm a little afraid of it. Now other members of my group come up. Each one tells me they have four or five in their group and have other things to do, so they won't be joining my trek. I am concerned and say, "I understand you'd like to do this other thing but everyone is pulling out and I can't make it with only two women to help in case my wheelchair gets stuck." The man (Tim) says, "Are you listening to what you are saying?" I say, "I know, but it's true." (140 words)
#1342 (1989-03-29)

I am Buffy St. Marie, and Frank Sinatra comes by and likes me. We kiss. He's concerned that he's too old for me, but I assure him I like him just fine. We go to my mother's house. She pulls strands of beads (Indian Wampum beads) off a peg and gathers them up for my dowry. I notice she's not bringing them all and we insist she bring the full dowry. She does not approve the marriage and doesn't like me, but she reluctantly complies. (85 words)
#1344 (1989-03-30)

I am in the back seat/trunk of Ginny's car. She's backing into a gas station to get a tire fixed. I say, "I've done this before." A good-looking Spanish/Mexican guy is driving. He and Ginny are trying to decide what night we should all go out and have fun. Wed. night is suggested and I say, "Sure. Sounds good to me." Then he turns and looks at me and says, "Are you already taken?" meaning do I have a relationship with Hector? I say no. He smiles. I get out of the car and find us all now in a tall thick tower. We are way at the top. He has a small baby in a pink sling strapped to his chest. He's going to take care of her for a while. I think that's neat. I look down and get scared. I say, "Ginny, how do we get down?" She says impatiently, "You climb down." "How?" I cry out. She points to a spiral tower with lots of coffee cup-like handles all around it. "Just step on them and go around and around until you're down." "I can't." I wait. She looks at me disapprovingly, like I'm acting like a baby. So I try. I grab a handle and put my foot on a toehold. The tower sways and goes around and I cling, going down one scary step at a time. (233 words)
#1345 (1989-03-30)

I'm in an exercise class and then go to my dorm where I'm a head resident and feel rushed, needing time for quiet without people, but not slowing down to get it. I go to a cafeteria to get some food. I want a glass of milk. A boy hands me his cup. It had milk in it, so he rubs it clean and gives it to me. I thank him and pick up a pitcher to discover it is water. Another one has gravy in it. No milk. I buy some cheese, please and chips. (96 words)
#1346 (1989-04-04)

I am remembering a tragic time I call the Sorrow of Tears (Summer of Tears). I see in my mind's eye my people's things being destroyed by the murdering whites. I am seething in anger and revenge and sorrow as I see them dump over a huge trailer with our house, who are killed. The feathered headdresses and staff are broken and defiled. I am heartsick. But in great sorrow, I realize I cannot kill in return. I pray for my hurt people. (83 words)
#1347 (1989-04-04)

I am in a house next to a larger house. A woman is afraid. Some evil man might come out of the larger house and enter my house and kill me. I lock doors and feel terror. I get in bed and suddenly realize I've locked myself in with the woman (she's in bed with me), and in fact she is the evil that is trying to kill me. I run, afraid, and fight her off. (76 words)
#1348 (1989-04-04)

I am in bed asleep. It is a small, narrow room. Ellie is asleep in a single bed across the room facing me. Theresa (client) sleeps on the floor by my bedside. [drawing is shown in journal.] She wants to be comforted. (Theresa slowly slinks up into my bed, hoping I won't wake up and throw her out. I am very aware that we are both naked and am concerned because it is not proper to let your client sleep with you. But I also am aware of her childlike need for comfort. I feel the softness of our skin touching and wonder if this will be sexual. But it doesn't feel that way. I pat her curly hair and arrange a barrette, thinking maybe no one will find out. I let her sleep (all the time I was pretending to be asleep myself). (139 words)
#1349 (1989-04-04)

Merle and I are talking about the IBM floppies that I loaned him. At the same time as I'm listening to him, I am interested in reading a 25-page letter of introduction on this woman that I find interesting. It is hard to concentrate on two things at once. Merle is explaining how a man lent him some floppies and I said, "I'd like to copy them." He said, "The man wouldn't approve." I say, "Hey, he doesn't mind getting mine, but he minds sharing his?" I don't like it. I see trees in the yard out the window behind Merle. Meanwhile, I am reading backwards from page 25 to 1 of this woman's history. I am surprised to learn she is from a black family, as she looks completely white. But there is a picture of all her relatives and they are all black. One of them, an Aunt Ana, is surrounded by police. Some notoriety is attached to her. Merle says, "Don't feel bad. Even though she's written a lot, only one book has been published and it's only sold 22 books," (20 of them to her Aunt). I see her book collection and I'm pleased. We have the same reading taste (Jr. Classic books from V. shelf). I wonder if she is a lesbian. (217 words)
#1350 (1989-04-04)

I park my wheelchair in the hall out of the way of traffic. I go into my apartment. It's a long, narrow hall. I lock the door and leave the light on. I go through the next door to the living room and leave that door open so in case someone tries to break in, I'll hear them. (58 words)
#1353 (1989-04-06)

I go into a bathroom, and when I open the door, I see a dirty old man sexually hitting on two kids. I slam the door shut fearfully and run to a close phone to call for the police. Then I realize I'd left the kids in there with him. Before I have to go back in there to get them, he lets them out and then he comes out to get me. I retreat back into the room. He is a horrible, mean man. Now there's a little mouse he torments. I wait for the police to come and save me. Somehow he goes away. I go back in the bathroom and look around at his lair. I see shelves and a secret trap door into the attic. I pull a chain of beads that somehow represent my Aunt's eyes. She's dead many years. I shudder and go up the shelves to have a look. Perhaps there is treasure up there. Maybe he's up there, or a trap. I am scared and then throw myself up quickly and peek around and zip back down quickly. I do this over and over, each time using my arm and hand to sweep out of the attic anything I touch, hoping like crazy I don't touch anything awful. There are dust, dirt, layers of rotted away stuff, but nothing else. Then I see a lighted glass case that has my "Aunt's" favorite things. They are glass articles: statues of head and shoulder, pictures of her in her favorite pose, hats with feathers, coiffured wigs, pretty things. I guess she liked to see likenesses of herself. (273 words)
#1354 (1989-04-07)

I meet a used car salesman, Mike R. We go on a tour of Russia. I receive letters from disabled people who enjoyed my writing. One woman simulates a 9-day camping/fishing trip with her husband because she was so inspired by my writing. Our group sees a train that has finally been made wheelchair accessible. It's run by FIRE. And that is repeated in an important way. I see the ornate circus like cars with tubes of steam and fire coming out of it. I walk ahead of the group and run, enjoying the movement. I go too far and they turn left and I run back to catch up. I see a slow MR woman at the end. Then I have a conversation with a Russian boy (teen). He says something about eating something. I am shocked because if he eats it, it will be harmful to him. He is doing it as a sacrifice. I say, "Bear and Eagle, there is a difference. I would never do that" (harm or kill self for sacrifice). I have my books and try to sell them. I buy a mineral water and a grape soda (both l/2 full) at a store. At first, I was going to take them, but decide to be honest. (213 words)
#1355 (1989-04-09)

A young woman hugs me. She likes me. I say to the group as a joke, "Hey. We've been going steady for 45 minutes, it's time to have an anniversary (reunion) party." I walk away. Spencer Tracey and I leave. He's helping me. There are two vans exactly alike and people are putting my things in the wrong van. I show them it's the wrong van because the passenger side window has cracks in my van. So we transfer my boxes and papers to the right van. I am impatient. It's taking too long. (94 words)
#1356 (1989-04-09)

A man is helping me to get away. He's walking through thick mud and dragging me. He gets a stretcher so it's easier. I am annoyed and complain about how he's not doing it well enough. We come to a country border gun. He hands the woman guard my papers, but they aren't the right kind. She calls over this guy. I am using the man's name and I memorize it so I won't blow the crossing. The name is Abduhl Ram Neish. Twice we try to cross. Then they give me the correct paper and then another man comes out and whispers to my man and I ask what he said. My man says, "So, do I look Swedish?" meaning he'd chosen a Holland name but looked dark-complected and Arabian. An error. They take him away. Two small boys are with us and I tell them to stand over there, where they will be safe. Then several men come to me and say, "Come with us." I realize they are going to kidnap me and at first I feel like giving in and just doing what they say. But then I change my mind. I say loudly, "Hey! These men are trying to kidnap me! Why are you kidnapping me?" I loudly keep up this monologue. They are very angry and shush me but I don't stop. I'm attracting people's attention and the men give up and go away. (240 words)
#1357 (1989-04-10)

I'm in a living room. There's a big storm outside. My three daughters are with me. I've been packing clothes. Dovre and I go into the kitchen to cook something. I heat up something like a tortilla on the stove burner and then show Dovre the beautiful design that got burned into the thing. It's a silhouette of a stately old-fashioned woman. Now there's something about pancakes. Then Paulina is cooking spaghetti stuff that will be dinner, but is also some kind of xmas ornament being made. The red globs of decoration are also a sauce for the spaghetti. We made a sail boat and a cathedral. Paulina puts the spaghetti on a plate. I say, "That's not enough protein." She plops on beans. I say, "We need meat." (129 words)
#1358 (1989-04-10)

Now Ellie is pushing me in a manual wheelchair. We had decided not to use the power chair, too many stairs. We are going to look at an astronaut exhibit. We pass a man who has a disease and I wonder how he can stand the pain. His nurse also has the disease. We struggle to get to where we're going, but keep coming up to stairs. We see glasses all in a row and Ellie decides to buy Paulina a gift of four glasses (small, decorative drink glasses). I point out some, but they are expensive, so Ellie gets some at 50 cents each. She also buys a monkey for Paulina. We take the monkey to her and I suddenly ask a woman, "But how can we fly it to Houston, Texas? This will not work. We'll have to return the monkey." I pat it on the head like a cat. It starts to nuzzle my finger and I'm afraid it will bite me with his hard, sharp teeth. But I am surprised it only sucks on my finger like a baby, no teeth. (185 words)
#1362 (1989-04-12)

A group of us are watching TV. Five of them cuddle up in a group and I'm seated in a chair perpendicular to them. I say, "Hey, now I can't see the TV," because they moved it. So I move over with them. I'm right next to them but not "in the group." A policeman is on TV. They are talking about his history. He's Indian and was once a chief. (They show him in his headdress.) Now he just passes for white. A man comes in to fix the thermostat. I say, "But will it get too cold now?" He assures me it won't. The child is being stubborn and difficult. She wants things to go her way. I try to comply, but get tired. As the mother, I follow her. She goes through a box and comes out in another room. I follow. I see a man with a gun. I hide in the closet and the child has a gun and shoots the man. She looks for me for reassurance, but I'm hiding. (176 words)
#1363 (1989-04-13)

Elliot is at the beach. He's written some stories. I offer to read them and give him feedback. I worry that I'll hurt his feelings if he isn't any good. Then a woman comes over to me and says, "Pardon me. I think you should know that in mid-August the seas will part." I see behind her the seas parting and then a tidal wave rushing in. She says, "Those who go to church will go to one side, the others to the other side." This man is very arrogant and so we won't get married. An older woman steals Fluffy by putting her in her purse. I hear her crying and open the purse and let her out. "Is that you Fluffy?" I murmur. People keep trying to steal her. I say to someone, "That's the third time." Now the man goes up a long, narrow chute. He is not afraid. Men come sliding down the chute yelling, "Look out!" Rock slides are coming down in a rush. Suddenly, the man realizes he's in danger and slides for his life, the roar of danger loud in his ears. He escapes with his life and is now humbled and wants to marry me. He follows me around, kissing me. (209 words)
#1364 (1989-04-15)

I'm in a house and must rush to shut the doors because the killer bees that got my brother Jake are coming for me. I don't want to see Jake because it would look horrible. I see the outline of the angry horde of bees in the metal door. They are literally pushing straight through the metal. I run for outside, realizing that's stupid; they'll find me easier. So I decide to fly. I go way up and realize it's very, very bitterly cold. I could freeze to death. I see a door to a room and Jerome is in there. So I decide to dive to warmer air, but the winds are hurricane force and buffer me around terribly. I struggle. Also I'm driving through clouds and can't see anything, so I don't know where the land is and could crash any moment. I pull the cord on my parachute. Bad mistake! The winds drag me all around. I feel with my hand for trees and mountains and crash very painfully into trees. (174 words)
#1365 (1989-04-15)

Wayne R has a computer. He's got it on a cart and going down the hall. I follow, asking questions. We go to a room where he sets the computer up. I ask how many bits because it seems small. It only has 630K. Then I type for him. He kisses me passionately. I respond and kiss back passionately. Then I say, "Oh no! You're married," and draw back sadly because I want him. Then another man and his secretary come in. I set up their computer. He codes in lots of numbers. It's for playing games. They crowd our stuff over and I end up sitting in front of a tiny portable typewriter. I get it out of there and try to fit in the cramped quarters. Now I'm driving home. I'm parked in a wide spot next to the freeway. I'd put up a sign advertising puppets. They were the man's and I'd show how they work to people. A carload of people stop. The woman wants to see the puppets. I say, "You bet," and go to the back of the van and dig around. I can't find the puppets. I find a computer part that opened up into a puppet like a transformer toy. I take it to show the people saying, "Sorry. He took the puppets with him. But I can show you these. Plus I've written two books and have hand puppets of the characters. I'll show you those." The people are disappointed. I'm improvising and wish I'd never started this whole thing. The woman offers to go take the sign down. I ask Ellie to go find my hand puppets. She doesn't want to, but does. (283 words)
#1367 (1989-04-16)

I'm taking a mechanics class. I'm in a wheelchair. I ask permission to open the hood of the car we're working on and try to diagnose where or if there is engine trouble. The teacher sneers and says, "Sure, go ahead and try" (we haven't covered this in class yet). So I look at the engine. I turn knobs and pull dipsticks out. I have trouble deciding if the engine is l quart low or not and do the dip stick twice. I decide it's l qt. low. I'm doing well, to the teacher's and class's amazement. Then the engine is on and there are sparks and little zigzags of electricity. The teacher goes in and crawls on the engine. I say, "Be careful." Later, he is walking away from me and has my journal book. I race up to him yelling, "If you don't give me my journal, I'll take this hammer and pound in your fucking head." I sufficiently scare him and he gives me the journal. (169 words)
#1368 (1989-04-16)

I enter a lovely huge room where lots of people are. I walk past a long dining table toward a second room where I'm told there are Dee Dee's rich Uncle's glass bell scales. I look in and the room is filled with beautiful glass objects. We're not supposed to go in yet. So I see Dee and decide to go sit by her since she has a rich Uncle. I pass up a wooden high chair and sit on a wooden dining chair. I remember she was always refined and smart, so I guess it shouldn't be a surprise that she has a rich Uncle. Later I decide to choose a room and at first go to a plain room out of habit. Then I say, "Wait." I look around. I mentally review all the rooms and, since I don't see any I like, I envision one I'd like to be there. It's all glass, a balcony and it has beautiful glass and crystal objects that shine rainbows like a prism all over the room. I use this room to write in because I become mesmerized by the lovely rainbows printing about the room, and I go into a trance, so my writing comes up straight from the subconscious. (210 words)
#1371 (1989-04-22)

Saturday. I go downstairs to a room that is in the basement and sort of secret. I'm hiding. I lay on a table on my tummy. It's like a massage table. I'm facing the door with a window. I see people coming in search of me and hope they don't see me, but they do. They ask me why don't I choose one of the "roomettes" nearer the bathroom. I look around and see like partitioned spaces and choose one fairly close to the bathroom. Now I've been captured by a girls' school and am inside. I look around for a way to escape. I look out the window and see lots of bumpy rocks in a steep incline. We're on the 2nd or 3rd floor. I say, "It would be hard, but we could get out this way." My friend says, "No. They'd see us. It won't work." I give up. They come to take me to another room. As I leave my friend, she says, "I'm pregnant." I grin and say, "Good for you. With who?" She says, "With Timothy. I'm one month along." Just previous to this, I flew out of the room like I'm in a helicopter and hovered over a secret place in the rocks where naked men and women are together. So I see a big auditorium and the woman says, "Your group is called_______." I say "Do you mean that the Birds are now captured and will work for you now entertaining and that's our new name?" She says, "Yes." (257 words)
#1372 (1989-04-24)

Monday. I go to Lucy's house to have breakfast. Lots of pancakes and good food. Lorne comes later and I am not happy he's there. I frown and grumble. He bumps into me and I pull away. I'm annoyed at Lucy for still having him around. After breakfast, Lucy, Justin and I go for a walk. We are talking. We go into a school. We see the students' art work on the walls. Now we go into a classroom. Bonnie is teaching. It's a chorus class. A well-dressed professional woman comes in to guest lecture, but the class is comfortable, casual and inattentive, so the woman leaves. Bonnie lectures them on their bad manners. I tell them this woman came to offer them her knowledge and they could have been more respectful. A group of men (seven or eight) get up and with noses in the air, walk out. "Good riddance!" I say and we continue the lessons. (158 words)
#1373 (1989-04-24)

The elevator won't go, so I jump ten stories, hoping I won't hurt myself. I'm amazed at myself for daring to try it. I am OK and then walk lots of stairs. I see large masculine-looking women dancing together. One looks over at me and I look away. I don't like her. (52 words)
#1376 (1989-04-27)

I am in my room. It is small and beautiful. The curtains have stars and moons on them, symbols of the cosmos. There is a typewriter. It seems to be a room for spirituality and writing. It is cozy and just right. John, a co-worker, comes in to give me a message. He seems nervous and klutzy. He'd knock over some papers and then have trouble getting them put back together. The roles were reversed. I was relaxed and calm and tried to soothe and reassure him. I leave the room. I see a huge, beautiful crystal on a table near my door. I admire it. Bonnie is there. Then Nate comes in. I am so glad to see him. We look at each other longingly. Bonnie goes and gets the van. She drives. Nate and I hug and lay down on the bench. It is so sexually exciting. I am throbbing in anticipation, but worried about if he has AIDS, is he still married, and is he still an alcoholic? We talk. Then we're at the movie house. It's the same one we were last together at. We enter through tiny door holes in the wall. Bonnie and Nate go ahead. I enter and see racked seating and can't locate them in the crowd. Then I see Bonnie waving at me. I'd walked too far in, so I back track and go to them. She was seated next to him but moves over so I sit beside him, between them. (251 words)
#1377 (1989-04-28)

I'm in a room, seated in a rocking chair in a square pen (like a play pen). I am holding a 2-year-old baby in my arms. She's relaxed and resting. I am rocking and cuddling her. We are going to nap together. My mother shows me a gift she bought for my father. She got it months ago at the Expo. It's for xmas. It's a big fold-out display with things on it. I lay down with the baby. Now we're in a tent. I place my head near the rear flap to get fresh air. Someone points out how badly the fireplace chimney is smoking. I say that's because of the high winds. Lots of smoke is coming through the vents and the fireplace/stove looks swollen like there's lots of pressure from inside. (134 words)
#1378 (1989-04-29)

I'm looking for some papers. I put some in a table and it turns out to be a mailbox. I see the phone book and other papers slide down a glass slot. Jennifer H calls and needs one of the papers. I explain what happened to it. Arvonne is getting ready to leave, to go to school. Bonnie is around. A young man in a wheelchair like Russ comes. He's demanding and arrogant. He expects everything to be done for him. He says he's the exchange student for the St. James Infirmary. He goes into a bedroom and I realize with a sinking heart, I'm the only one left to help him. He calls over the intercom when he needs something. He was very smitten with Arvonne's looks. (128 words)
#1380 (1989-04-30)

I'm with Arvonne. We've been captured. We decide to escape. There are lots of musical audio tapes. I put mine in with hers and then when its time to leave, can't find mine so I leave them, regretfully. We go out to hitchhike but she's already called a boyfriend who drives up at that moment. She gets in. I am hesitant and then slide in the passenger side. He drives and I start to feel safer as more distance is covered. They'll never catch up to me now. (88 words)
#1383 (1989-05-02)

I'm going to teach some people basketball and I'm calling them to gather around. I see that the hallway is too narrow and small and I tell them to go upstairs to a larger space. They are slow and complain. They are the parents of school children. One asks if we'll learn tennis. I say, "No, that's for spring. This is winter and we'll learn basketball." Finally I get them gathered together. I had looked down the staircase which is very long and lots of stairs and hoped I didn't cause problems for any disabled ones. (96 words)
#1388 (1989-05-02)

I hear the guitar class starting and I pick up my guitar and a chair and go in, trying to be quiet because I'm late. G is playing and I try to follow along. I look at the strings and wonder how I'll manage with my arthritic hands. I sing along. The music is beautiful. (55 words)
#1391 (1989-05-02)

Now someone has checked the fluids in me and I see a plastic vial with some pink stuff in it. Some bad stuff is still there. We hadn't gotten it all out. There are two doctors then. A good one and a bad one. The good one had left me in the care of the bad one and the bad one deliberately didn't do part of the procedures so that I wouldn't get healthy and might die. They are going to do the procedure again and the bad one is smiling. The good one says to him, "Go on with what you were doing," and prepares to leave. I sit up and call out, "Wait. No. It must be you!" He agrees to stay. Someone says, "She must have 20 immersions in ice water baths quickly." Now things are going to be all right. I grab the breathing tube I must use that sucks out the fluid on the lungs and suck hard to help. Someone says, "She looks scared." I nod. I am; and determined. (176 words)
#1392 (1989-05-04)

I am alone on a desert island and have been there for 10 years. I am naked and live in a cave and have all I need, except companionship. I see a boat landing and men coming up and out of the surf. I go there and the captain is threatening them with a gun. He follows me to my cave and ask me lots of questions. How old was I when I got there? Nineteen years. How old am I now? Twenty-nine years. He showed me a map of N. America and W. Germany. Did I recognize my island, Nol? I'm more around south, but I did see the scientist "Roe" that he is looking for. "Did you have sex with him?" I angrily ask, "Who do you think you are? My father?" He follows me and wants to go into my cave where I live, but I am aloof. I had not given him permission. He waits. I start to warm up to him. (166 words)
#1393 (1989-05-04)

I see a small black car with a man and a woman in it up the hill from my cave and marvel at how quickly they got to work. They are looking for something like "Roe" did - plants maybe. Then I see Ellie and the baby. She is writing her name on the mud wall of the cliff, Maria. I am amazed at how smart she is. We cuddle and talk. (72 words)
#1394 (1989-05-04)

I am getting out of my wheelchair to go into the bathroom. I start to do a dance and although I move slowly and with some pain, it feels good to do these dance movements. I go into the bathroom and I see a pretty village scene when I look down into the toilet. I am talking to someone just outside the door. I am looking up my brother Dwight's telephone number in my blue address book, but I can't find it. I see: Corinne 470, Lydia 475, A.S, Halloween 472, Kesi, Keshi, Kassee. There were other words and numbers. I laugh at Lydia and I'm nostalgic about the Halloween event. [BL] (111 words)
#1395 (1989-05-04)

I see a pretty plant. I want to grow one and ask someone how I would do that. He says we have to get permission to dig a pond, and I say, "I own this land. We can dig here." He starts to dig in the front lawn but I say, "No, I want it here on this plot in the back yard." I see a very green space of lawn and open windows around it. He shows me different plants. I am particularly interested in the "Umbrella Plant." He shows me one that has no roots and he lifts it up. I worry that will kill it, but he says, "No," and puts it back on the sand. I say, "I want to help." So he sets me to the task of cutting off the tops of gallon plastic milk jugs. As I'm doing this, Bonnie comes by. She's very tired and stressed out from work. It's a Monday. I empathize with her. (164 words)
#1399 (1989-05-07)

I am a Chinese empress and my counterpart is having an official formal dance. I am concerned that she might be my enemy. I go to her and hold out my hands that she may kiss them. We talk to each other in an elaborate, formal ritual. I say, "Do you meet today with good intent?" She kissed my hand and bows her head and says, "Oh, honorable queen, I am at your service." Those aren't the words, but that style is right. I feel relieved that she is still loyal. I watch the women dancers. They are modern women wearing black modern shoes and black pants and shirts, but over the black outfit is a red sparkly net material, like in India. They are lined up and dance in unison. (131 words)
#1400 (1989-05-07)

I need to talk to Matt. He has done something wrong and caused some trouble for my organization. I overhear some other members of the organization that we need a new secretary. I think, "That is fitting the punishment to the crime. He can be the secretary and help out." That will undo what he had done. I open the door to go in search of him and I see him standing there! I am surprised and pleased at how the universe provides exactly what you need. (87 words)
#1401 (1989-05-08)

I am preparing to be in a play contest. I struggle backwards through traffic as the crowd is all coming to see the play and I am trying to get around to the stage door. I'm in my wheelchair. I get back there and start talking to the other two actresses. I am nervous and suddenly remember that the play "Juba" isn't today! Thank goodness, because I don't remember my lines on that one, but I'm OK on "Rueben." Then I realize I'm playing two characters, a woman boss and a secretary. I choose two or three hats and try them on. The other actress says, "That one is too big. It will distract." I agree and then start to really get nervous because if I add the bit of switching hats, I'll forget my lines. I say, "Let's run lines," and the other actress says her line, "Don't you have all twelve done?" I respond, "There are three jobs times three," and then I realize those aren't the exact words. 3x3 doesn't equal 12. I really feel panicky now. It's twenty minutes until curtain and I can't remember the lines. My memory has gone blank. I pace, saying, "What will I do,? I can't remember my lines." The other actress eyes me in disgust. I say, "If only I could carry the script book or tape it." (228 words)
#1403 (1989-05-10)

I have two husbands and I live in a run-down, spacious old house. I'm hiding the passport of one of my husbands. It's a small blue square tied to a red candle (like I got at the 2nd healing ceremony). A dog goes in search of him and walks through a room entirely filled with crystal glasses, vases, and dishes. The dog is large and knocks over a beautiful kerosene lamp of blue glass. I regret its breakage and want the dog to be more careful. (86 words)
#1405 (1989-05-13)

Someone looked at my hair and said, "Do you like it?" I said, "Oh yes. It's soft and pretty. I like my hair." There was a feeling that my hair looked bad in that it wasn't "properly" fixed by culture standards, but it was surprising that I accepted and liked me as I was. [BL] (54 words)
#1407 (1989-05-14)

A man is in an antique shop and I'm thrilled they have a thing I've been wanting. The man says, "Just a minute," and goes away. I wait and wait, looking in drawers and seeing letters and poems and so on. I see him on a couch, talking unconcernedly with a woman. I walk over there to look at the books. He's a little embarrassed. I'm a little annoyed at him, keeping me waiting for no good reason. He points out some 45 records of Elvis of the 1950's. I almost decide to buy one, but decide I didn't really like him then, so why bother now? The man spills (pours) Pepsi down his shirt front and I laugh at his clumsiness. (122 words)
#1411 (1989-05-18)

Hank is my assigned counselor by the community college. I am looking for him. I go down two flights of stairs to 206. I find his wife, who says he's still napping because they are heavy on sports on Sunday and he's resting. I'm a little annoyed because he's supposed to be there at this time. Then I look into a big room where counselors are meeting. I see Phyllis G. They leave and I see Hank. I say, "So you've come." He smiles suggestively and makes sexy jokes. I laugh, but only to appease him and slap my butt which is in a red pair of shorts with a broken seam-zipper at my asshole and say, "Lots of acreage!" We laugh. (122 words)
#1412 (1989-05-19)

I am seated and look down at my toes. They are black. A toenail all black and blue had fallen off into my hand. I am disgusted by this. I turn to Hasani and say, "What do you suppose this means?" I say, "It looks like it represents that a part of me is dying." Hasani says, "I don't think any part of you is dying." She felt very positive about what it might symbolize. (75 words)
#1413 (1989-05-19)

I am seated on a small stage area talking. I put on a furry hat (Robin Hood-like shape) with a bouquet or corsage of flowers on it. Some bad person comes up to us and I put on the hat and discover that I turn into a small fairy like Tinkerbell. No one can see me. So I hide up in the curtains. Then I flit down and move things, which confuses the bad guys. They look around to find me, but I hide again. Then I pick up a stick and pound the helmeted head of a bad guy, thump, thump, thump! I dent the plastic mixing bowl. They are astounded. Then there are two of us and she doesn't have her hat on and so is big and visible. The bad one sees her and realizes what's going on. I sit there and she sees me, even though I'm small with the hat on. She has learned to see us, so I'm not safe anymore. Now I go to a photography class. A door jamb frames a room of people dancing. A woman in red is very graceful and I take pictures, and then I get up and move around to get different perspectives and better pictures. I get close and see my own actions a part of the picture. I hold the camera out as I dance with them. Then I want to see the pictures. I open the photo envelope to see how well I did. They are pretty and interesting. One photo is a composite where a picture of a baby was cut out and pasted on this photo and has something to do with why I became visible as a small fairy. (288 words)
#1414 (1989-05-20)

I am in the Army and we are all laying in rows on a giant bed. I look at a woman whose arms are so skinny they look like Olive Oyl's arms. She has a flat chest like a boy's, no breasts. She is ill. Her clothes and things are in a pile and some of mine are mixed up in with hers. She gets up and goes to her room, #409. I pick up my things and then decide to bring her things to her. I look at the room numbers and find #409. She's laying on a double bed in there. I give her clothes to her, and she gets very angry with me for taking care of her. She can do it herself. (126 words)
#1415 (1989-05-20)

Now I'm in the audience waiting for the show to start. Our main headliner star isn't going to show up, so a band starts up with music and I go up to pinch hit for the missing star. I sing well and then get into a blues song and the musicians really groove. I impress everyone. Then they continue and I get off the stage, get my jeep and drive it around so I can be closer to the stage, parking in an (obvious) no parking zone! I go back up on stage to sing. (95 words)
#1416 (1989-05-21)

I have to go to the bathroom and I open the stall door. The toilet seat is way up high. I'm looking up at it. On the ground under it is a row of cigarettes and tobacco sacks. One is labeled "Sexless Tobacco." I reach up and pull the seat down. There isn't a toilet, only the seat. (58 words)
#1417 (1989-05-21)

A girl is being noisy and interrupting. I get into a power play with her. I insist she be quiet and polite and I shake her. I put her in a high box. She starts goofing off and I insist she sit on the outside lip of the box so I can keep an eye on her. Then later I swim alone in the pool, relieved to have a few moments of quiet time. [BL] (74 words)
#1420 (1989-05-26)

A giant easy chair is alive and tapping on the window at Grandma Mildred's house. (It's outside and I'm inside.) I laugh and go out on the porch and call to it like it's a horse. I find a miniature chair on the porch and pick it up and take it into the house, pleased the chair is at its right proportions now. (63 words)
#1423 (1989-05-26)

I'm a beginning pilot and fly in my one-seater open airplane. I feel afraid to go too high because if I have trouble and crash, I'll hurt worse. Then someone else pilots and I goad them to go faster. I love the speed. We go through swinging glass doors and I hope the propeller doesn't scratch the glass. Someone chuckles at my love of speed. (65 words)
#1424 (1989-05-26)

I am ooking for the bathroom and I'm in an elevator that is very crowded with lots of people. I am Lucile Ball, and I play with her comedy face. Is this the ladies room? I see the men and say to myself, "Just the lobby, I guess." I find an escalator going down only to see a sign for a second flight of stairs. I groan and then throw myself toward the stairs going, "Oh, Oh" as someone grabs my shirt from behind to steady me. I make it down without falling and go into the ladies' room where there is a series of platforms that act like conveyer belts for joggers, only bumpy, so it's like a comedy routine. I get tired of that and go back out and see old wheelchair toilets in a storage room and go in to use them, knowing I shouldn't. After I pee, a red light goes on calling the nurse. (159 words)
#1426 (1989-05-27)

A woman wants me to give her a decorative scar. I can't find my usual cutting device, so I use a paper and give her a paper cut. It hurts her but it works. I'd made a half moon cut and I push it to see if it had cut through. I see it open up and I see the cords of the muscles (like when I fished with my father). Then the blood wells up. I say, "Good. It will bleed and clean the wound." She is pleased. I had tried to put it on her chest, but it was on the top of her left arm. (108 words)
#1427 (1989-05-27)

I'm in my bed and sleeping. A big friendly dog comes in and curls up with me, his big face laying on my head. He almost purrs, he's so contented. I am half asleep, half awake. I stare at the floor and see things move or disappear and think I'm in that almost asleep dream state. The dog curls up near my belly. I am delighted it's there, but surprised I have a dog. Howard comes in to get something. I am surprised that I had to get rid of him twice. He had returned and asked to live with me here in E City for awhile and I'd let him. We slept together but no sex. He was hoping to wait me out and I'd come around, but it didn't work. Then I'm in grandma Mildred's house. I see the bedrooms are expansive and filled with people. They are like sitting rooms now. I step out on the porch and walk past the storage barn. I stop and think, "No, that's exactly what I need to look into." I back up and peek in, but decide it's not worth the trouble. Nothing of value is there. I pass the barn; same feeling. I turn and walk up the driveway and see a double door that I knew wasn't in reality there in the real house, but decide to use it as a shortcut. I go in. Someone hands me an egg. It's raw on the inside. I decide to recook it. I turn on a burner and try to pick out egg shells. (264 words)
#1428 (1989-05-27)

I'm in an auditorium. Susie S is concerned at her part in this disability awareness spoof we are preparing. I ask, "Why not do it? Lots of AB's represent us in a patronizing way. Why shouldn't we represent ourselves in a good, funny way?" I watch the video we all made. It is funny. I try to sit on a folding chair. Some guy in front talks to me. Merle is in the audience somewhere. [BL] (75 words)
#1431 (1989-05-28)

A man and I made a tape of our songs. We are invited to NY City to see the big producer. I find the building and go in. I'm in my wheelchair. Lots of his subordinates hover around me. I tell them to relax and not get so uptight about my disability. They are over-helping. I go into the big office. He's surprised I'm disabled and wants to forget the project. I tell him I only sing medium. Lots of people sing better, but my disability is a hook. Use it. I show him my Enrnestine book ideas. He's interested and says, "Let's meet after lunch." I go out and ask the secretary to help me find two papers. She's reluctant. I snip, "Oh well, don't bother." I'm angry at her, but realize it's probably a good lesson for me. I ask directions to a hotel. She points to several places on the city streets. I go in search of a place to rest and eat. (166 words)
#1436 (1989-06-01)

Paul Newman and I are acting together. He's going to do a scene from a play and he hopes he remembers his lines. I don't know the female part, but I'm going to do the best I can. I join him on stage. I'm the "dummy," a life-sized doll he dances with. (52 words)
#1437 (1989-06-01)

I daily get Good Housekeeping magazines on my door step with the newspaper. Paul brings them in. He teases me because I save everything, old newspapers, shirt collar cardboards and put them in a three-ring binder. An old play I wrote is in the front and he laughs at me for saving old things. (54 words)
#1438 (1989-06-02)

I am with a group of people, some of them disabled. I am concerned because some of them aren't being considerate of the others. We need to take care of each other. I get up on stage where the band is performing and talk to the crowd about helping each other. One band member keeps looking at my body appreciatively. I try to get off stage but it's too high, so a male friend comes over and puts his arms out to catch me. I hop and land on his shoulders and we precariously balance until I get safely on the ground again. We dance. Then my guy, who had been jealously watching, comes over and we dance. (118 words)
#1439 (1989-06-03)

Nate is trying to kiss me and I push him away because Dovre is around and I don't want her to know of our relationship. I look out the window and see Dovre/Lydia driving an 8-wheeler truck. She has permitted the small children and Charla to sit on the back fender. I an very concerned. Charla will let go and fall. I worry and try to wave to Dovre not to let this happen. The truck starts, and sure enough Charla doesn't pay attention to her danger and lets go and is bounced off. I run to her and pick her up, relieved to see she is alive, but hurting to see the huge bump and cut on the back of her head. I hold her and soothe her as she cries. Then Nate runs up and tries to kiss me. My mother is there and frowning. I say to her, "Ah, he is the video repair man." To Nate I say, "See you tomorrow when you come to fix the video." He leaves. My father tells me I owe him $232.00 he lent me to fix the video. I feel downhearted because I remember I also owe someone $152. Too much debt. I see a package Nate left and open it. There are miniature rifles in it. I choose a pen to write up my list of debts. It's a calligraphy pen that occasionally writes in red. (238 words)
#1440 (1989-06-04)

I am organizing things: putting birthday cards I'd received where they can be displayed better so I can see them. Then I go downstairs and We and my mother play 'wait til you see his new girlfriend' (Jake/Nate's cousin). I go to the kitchen door and she's there looking pouty and cute. "Where's Whoopie?" she lisps. I laugh and look in at my mother and Lydia. "She's here," I giggle. "Is Whoopie anywhere?" I accept her way of lisping. My mother whispers to me, "Be careful! She's powerful." I laugh and lead her upstairs to find "Whoopie." She follows arrogantly, telling where she'll put her things. She looks older now, maybe 50, 55. Then Jake runs past saying hurriedly, "It's almost time for the Royal." We all run after him. Now we're like in India and the royal procession is approaching and we must be at our appointed place in time before the King arrives. One man calls our "Elephant" and doesn't even stop running as he hops up on a running elephant. He sways as he rides. We arrive at the stairs and are nearly too late. But protocol says that pushy women must go first. "Hurry! You first," says Jake. She just grins and refuses. "Now we're in trouble! If she won't go, we can't go and then the King will be upset!" I say, "Let me talk to her!" Jake says, "No, I'll take care of it." He pulls out his penis and twists it so that a hand rolled cigarette comes out of the end of his penis! He's going to sit and smoke it until he thinks of a solution. I am a little disgusted at the idea of putting it in his mouth as it will be a little slimy from the sperm! [BL] (299 words)
#1444 (1989-06-06)

Ginny and her crazy older husband and I are in an airplane. He is the pilot. He laughs crazily and only flies us in a straight line back and forth, nearly hitting tree tops. Ginny and I just look at each other and shake our heads. Finally he stops teasing us and lands at the embassy. He pounds on the door, yelling, "Nicholas." We go in. Ginny gets a phone call from her young, nice lover. She has to decide between him and her husband. She looks for the phone. At first it looks like an elephant hitting his ear on a gong, but some man points to a big spoon and a dinner plate labeled "Plate" where she hits it with the spoon. The young man says he's coming to her. I ask her what she's going to do because here comes her husband. She's going to choose the young man, but is afraid to tell her crazy, dangerous husband. (161 words)
#1445 (1989-06-08)

Theresa is in my living room. She's kind of moved in with her kids. Someone drives an old beat up car to the curb and Theresa laughs and calls it "Old Paint." I am in wonder and thankful for her sense of humor. Then I see her kids have painted colorful marks all over my white walls. I am tired and realize I'll have to paint over the walls again. Those kids are like "wild Indians." Then Theresa says, "It's time to do the by-laws." I say, "OK, let's go back to the office." As I start to follow Theresa, a little baby girl gets cranky. She hangs on to me thinking I'm going to desert her again. I sooth her and say, "See, here's a comfy bed and some toys and I am here with you." It's a girl's bedroom. I then see another bedroom and I say, "I'll be right back." I go in there and look around. I am amazed that there is an entire, complete kitchen in this spacious nice bedroom. I say to Grandma Mildred, "You should see Aunt Esther's room with a complete kitchen." I compliment Aunt Esther. Then I remember the baby and I see Dovre at about 12 years old in the bathtub and I ask her to look in on the baby girl. I see she's OK and I ask Dovre to babysit her. (233 words)
#1446 (1989-06-08)

I am hammering a mailbox thing onto a house and only get the left side affixed. Someone (Hank) asks if it will have to hold much weight. I say, "No, only a few letters,"so he gets a belt buckle like platelet and hammers that on. Then I'm going to a two-day workshop and I see lots of people I know coming for the Sat. eve session, former students and relatives. I'm a little embarrassed because they know me. Then the husband of the workshop presenter, who is an older woman in a wheelchair, says he doesn't think she'll come. She's annoyed we haven't set things up right. I know she'll come, and ignore him. Then I open a package that has five packets of pills and lots of miniature things. I take two of the capsules and can't seem to swallow the third, and I have lots left to take. I ask the man how to do this. (158 words)
#1447 (1989-06-10)

James Mason and I are in the back seat of a car. I'm like Lolita. He's very sexually attracted to me and tells me to change my clothes. He kisses me and pinches my left nipple. I'm sexually excited. I say, "But people can see." An older woman is standing outside the car. He insists. I put on a pretty, brief pleated skirt with see-through lace seams and a turquoise velour top. He leans back in the car and says in a whisper in my ear, "Take off your panties." I feel sexually excited. I do so. I get out of the car, noticing I can see flashes of my legs through the lace. He is possessive and demanding and I love it. (123 words)
#1448 (1989-06-11)

A young girl is in trouble. She's been isolated and abused. A baby and myself decide it is time (past time) to try to help her. So we're taking reports of her situation to other people. We are going down stairs and some of the stairs are missing. I carry the baby and carefully step over the gaping holes. A man says, "Oh, I forgot. Even adults need help sometimes." We get downstairs and see the axe the partying teens used to chop up the stairs. A military man named Harry is kind and wants to help me help the young girl. She's a handful. (105 words)
#1451 (1989-06-12)

I am teaching an assertiveness class. The students are all spread out too far and then there's a glass partition between them and me. I knock on the glass and comment I don't like it being in the way. It makes it hard to teach. I then sigh and tell the students that I don't like assertiveness because I have to work harder, being assertive, and then hasten to add that, of course, it's best to be assertive and it's worth the extra energy. But I feel tired. I start teaching the nine-part statement. Then I'm in my bedroom. I see a photo of them side by side of twin beds. I'm seated on the end of the left bed with several children. Dovre is laying in the other bed with several kids. Then that goes and I am getting into the bed and Tom comes in (of dream group) and I'm naked and fat and grope for covers to cover me up. Tom sees me and is blushing bright red in embarrassment. (173 words)
#1452 (1989-06-12)

I am in a new house -- cats and sparrows. A fire is burning, but it's not in the fireplace, it's in front of the fireplace. I watch the smoke coming up into the room (like the sage last night). Hasani and I move the fire back into the fireplace. I notice my jacket on the fire and pull it off, saying to Hasani, "Look! My jacket was on the fire." She frowns at me like I'm an idiot. "Oh, you put it there," I say. "Yes. It was wet," she said. I feel it and it is dry. I see a round dining table and three xmas trees, one tiny one on the mantel and two floor trees filled with xmas decorations. It is way past time to put the ornaments away and I decide to do that as I wait for Aunt Bridget to come visit. I think about asking Hasani to help but she's on her way out. I take off lots of cute fuzzy ornaments and take one out to the garbage can in the front of the garage. Bridget comes and follows me back into the house and picks up a complex ornament from the box and says, "What is it?" It has three figures sort of melted together; red color, possibly a devil figure. (220 words)
#1453 (1989-06-13)

I go into Aunt Elaine's house and get lost because she has remodeled, lots of kitchens one after the other. I come back to the original kitchen laughing and say I can't find the living room. They point and I go in. I see they have put color TV sets inside the two player pianos. There are four TV's on and nobody around to watch. I shake my head at such stupidity. (72 words)
#1454 (1989-06-14)

Terence (my cousin) is dying. But before he can die, he must remember his memories. I am helping him. His eyes flutter and I think he's going, and then he wakes up and tells me more memories. He especially focuses on one weekend we shared together, something about the M City house. He says it was this room before it was remodeled and I look and realize it was the original room. He'd made a mistake. It was the old pool table room, only empty of furniture. [BL] (87 words)
#1455 (1989-06-15)

I am sexually excited and want to make love, but no one is around. So I decide to wait for Howard to return. It's been a long time since I've made love to him and it will please him. I feel a little uncomfortable about such a gift because I may be opening myself up to more sexual advances from him than I'll want. So I sit and wait. [BL] (69 words)
#1457 (1989-06-15)

I am showing a story book to someone and explaining that even before you start reading the book, the story is there in the symbols. I show them the cover and I see a night starry sky -- expansive earth and a hint of a person and I say, "See, here is a night sky, symbolizing intuition and the unknown. Here is Mother Earth, solid, foundation. Here is a person, etc. Then I turn the page and see animals: a horse (steady friendship), a rabbit (sweet and playful but loud out toward the end, tricky), etc. [BL] (96 words)
#1458 (1989-06-15)

Now I'm an employee late to work and come in through rows of people (like at school). Someone says I've got a call for lesson #10. I go to the phone with my small daughter observing. I put on an electric guitar and ask them to play their lesson. The woman's voice says she'd rather not, she's already past that lesson and it's boring. I sympathize and say, "Just play me a scale and then we can double up on the lessons to go faster if you like." She'd like. She plays scales on a piano and makes one l/2 note mistake and corrects it. Now I'm called over to another section where I hold up a game card with a clock on it. It's part of a board game our company makes. I say, "Guess how much it costs to make this? 2 cents." And then I think it's better if they come up with the answer and I call on one who expounds at length and never gets to the point, and I regret giving them this chance to speak. Then we notice the clock is a simple brad poked through a cardboard and we try to see if the hands go around while the cardboard is turned in a circle, but we can't keep our eyes on it to decide. (223 words)
#1459 (1989-06-15)

Jake is embarrassed for me and asks if I'm not embarrassed because I was fired. I say no, because I wasn't fired. It wasn't a real mistake. It was a paper and pencil mistake at the bank. Maybe I did send it in just a little late, but that's not a mistake. [BL] (52 words)
#1460 (1989-06-16)

An art teacher is preparing a class lecture and is showing art slides or film strips but things don't seem to be working. I am sympathetic because I like him and want things to go well. His projector flies way up high and is up against the wall. He shrugs his shoulders and smiles like, "Oh, well, what can you do?" I see a swimming pool and realize the opportunity to relax and swim has always been there, but I don't take advantage of it. So I swim and go for a nice leisurely walk. (95 words)
#1461 (1989-06-17)

Don Johnson is very attracted to me and vice versa, but he's angry at me because I'm teasing him by acting like I don't care about him and walking away. I walk down the stairs laughing. He follows me and taunts me in an angry voice. He then leaves and shuts the door. Then he says, "I love you." I hear him through the door and I say, "I love you" back. He then opens the door and we hug and kiss. Now he's Dovre and he/she says she's going to get married and won't tell me to whom. I smile and say, "You don't have to tell me, I know. It's Bob, because I already saw the future (like already saw the movie)." She sneers and says, "A lot you know! It's not Bob." I am surprised and ask, "Then are these altered realities?" She smiles and says yes. "Then, I don't have to marry Howard again?" I ask, and realize I don't. So I say to Howard, "Sorry. Maybe some other time," and leave. He shrugs and goes off to wait. (183 words)
#1462 (1989-06-18)

I'm doing my newsletter. It's the last issue. I am waiting for two women from Disabilities Coalition to bring back the near final draft. There is room for one more article. A chubby male student comes in late and I say, "You can do the article." The women bring in the paper. I go to look at it, saying, "You're late; I thought you'd never get here." We are in a tiny bathroom and I say, "I wish there was more room here." We could finish the paper here, but we go down the narrow hall to the larger room. Maria has two boxes and I think it's full of letters to the newsletter. I say "Darn! Now that we've finished, we get response," but then I see it's mostly full of foodstuff and boxes of envelopes, so it's OK. The chubby student comes and says a girl in a wheelchair student just left, so we step to the huge plate glass window to wave goodbye. She's on a boat on a huge river just outside the window. The river is higher than usual and muddy. I see objects floating in it. The boats are all buses and pickup trucks. I see a school bus that suddenly sinks. I am concerned and ask, "Are there any people on board?" I then see people opening windows and an older woman holding her breath. They get out OK sputtering. I don't have to rescue them, though I am forced to do so. Another school bus goes by safely. (256 words)
#1464 (1989-06-20)

I go back to V 's farm. The orchard is a forest now, terribly overgrown. Lots of stairs go up to the raised ground. I go to the house and pass two empty corner dish cabinets (glass doors). They are empty. All the pretty glass things are gone in the one on the left is apple blossom ink (the same color I painted my bedroom furniture with in Jr. High). I cry when I see the empty cabinets. (78 words)
#1465 (1989-06-21)

I'm a sexy dancer. I dance through a crowd of me and see another professional dancer (10 cents a dance type) across the room. She's seated, resting, and I decide to do so also. A black athletic man comes over and talks. He tells me about how he'd have to walk home after ball practice. His coach wouldn't let him take the school bus. I sympathize and say nicely, "Well, you get good exercise, eh?" A man is watching me, interested. I write in my journal about what has happened. I comment that when I came through the crowd, I saw all kinds of men -- short, tall, fat, thin. Each one was different. I say, "And yet, each one so similar." I dance "dirty dancing" with men. This older professional guy watches and enjoys my movements and my conversation. I keep an eye on him too. I am attracted. (150 words)
#1467 (1989-06-22)

I go through a huge store to the back room. I'm tired and lie down on a bed. Suddenly I wake up to discover John (a man I work with) has crawled into bed with me, and he's naked. I pull the covers up around me and say, "What are you doing?" He's shy but insistent. He wants to make love, to get closer to me. He tries to kiss me. I am annoyed. I certainly don't want to make love to this wimp; what nerve! I say, "No. We can't. I'm your supervisor and it isn't ethical." I then think he'll be hurt, so I say, "I admire your courage to get naked and come here asking, but I don't want this." Just then through an open window I see people leaning out of their windows in the hotel across the street yelling, "Happy New Year" and blowing horns. I look at the clock and, sure enough, it's a few minutes past 12. [BL] (164 words)
#1468 (1989-06-22)

I am a teenager and some guy is joining us, but I don't trust him. Our teacher, Gary, calls us together and asks us, "What do you think of this new guy? Does he seem a little sleazy or not "true" to you?" "Yeah!" we agreed. I say, "He doesn't feel right, like he lies." "Yeah," says Gary. "Well, what if I just flat out say, 'No booze or drugs'? That would take care of the scotch problem right there. It's tough, but real." We agreed. Paulina says, "But he might have a problem getting back in with his friends. If he's a flirt, then he won't fit in any more." I think it's interesting that a lesbian is concerned that a drunk be able to continue his noisy, flirty, sexist ways. I disagree and start talking about if his attitude is OK, he can fit in and still have fun even if he's off the booze and drugs. As I'm talking, suddenly little lights zip up to me and surround me. I look up at Gary startled. I realize these are aliens that are taking me away, and as I start rising (still in cross-legged, seated position), I yell, "Gary!" And then I yell, Goodbye!" I see them all staring at me in astonishment and sadness. I feel a little scared and sad as I see the tree as I rise up and up. (I suddenly wake up relieved I wasn't disappearing into the cosmos.) [BL] (246 words)
#1469 (1989-06-23)

Co-worker Juliet is my older daughter and Paulina my youngest. I leave Paulina to deal with, whatever she's doing, and decide to go sit down where the guys are. I think I see Paul Newman and bravely decide to go sit next to him. Pretty soon I see it's not Paul and lots of other men come sit in a square with us. I comment that lots of people like the couch. (72 words)
#1470 (1989-06-23)

I go to a photography class and am putting my lens into the camera. It appears to be a bit crooked, but then it clicks in right. The teacher gives instructions and there are diagrams and such on the board. I go to the ladies' room and come back. I have to put my bra back on. So I step behind an easel in the back of the class. Everyone turns and tries to see as I struggle. The straps get twisted and it's hard to do without exposing myself. Finally I do it, but I'm angry at the teacher (now a law class). I raise my hand and tell her off very directly and clearly. l. The bathroom was too crowded. 2. The rule that says you must put your bra on even if people watch is inhumane ( and there was a 3rd reason). The class was very impressed that I stood up so bravely to the teacher (a woman) and, in fact, talked like a professional lawyer even though I'm in a class to learn to be a lawyer. I kind of enjoyed the experience. I didn't get angry. I was clear and articulate. Then later she starts talking and I raise my hand to answer a question. She ignores me and finally I stand up and go right up to the front of the class, right in her face. She has to call on me. She doesn't like it. (243 words)
#1471 (1989-06-23)

I get in a small row boat and go out to sea to climb aboard a yacht. My hands have a hard time getting up the hand holds and I nearly give up and fall into the sea, but I persist and get on board. I'm a stowaway bound for Europe. I hide in a cabinet and listen in to conversations. Finally I have enough information I can blackmail the captain so he won't toss me over board and I get a free ride to Europe. He likes me, but does power play games with me like putting another woman seated between him and me and watching my reaction. I smile. I know I have him. (116 words)
#1473 (1989-06-24)

I'm in a room looking through lots of things on the floor under the window. A boy comes in and talks with a man. The man says, "Does she know?" to the boy. I say, distracted, "Know what?" He says, "That you are going to die today before 7:00." I am startled and look at the boy. He nods and says, "Yes. You are going to die." I am afraid and I say, "Will it hurt or be bad?" He says, "No. You will go very quickly. It won't be bad or painful." I say, "Then take me now. Let's get it over with." The winds kick up in the trees and a wavy feeling comes over me and then I'm dead, only heaven seems to be the same room I was in before I died. I see God. She's a woman, somewhat distracted. I then look out the windows at the end of the room and see a driveway with a car in it. I say, "Is daddy ever coming home?" God says, "Yes, soon." Then a man comes in the room. He's a baseball guy that gambles. God gets nervous and fiddles with her blouse button. The boy gets very nervous at the idea of God being nervous. God reassures him. She says, "It's OK. Just a little excess suppressed sexual energy," and then takes care of the baseball guy easily. (233 words)
#1474 (1989-06-24)

A man and I approach an Indian man seated on a bus. I offer him a $5 bill for something he did for me. He contemptuously slaps it out of my hand, hard. "Do not offer me money. I don't want anything," he says. I look to the man (Howard, the drummer) and he smiles and shrugs. "Offer to buy him a cup of coffee," he suggests. I do so. The Indian guy says, "Oh, OK," and I start to go get the coffee. "Not too much sugar," he calls after me. I comply. (94 words)
#1475 (1989-06-25)

I am the wife of some guy that owns a big business; we live on the 5th floor of the building. I am sorting things. I'm supposed to pay bills and record receipts of expenses, but I'm behind and it's confusing. I say next time, "I'll have him take care of the home stuff and I'll do the business or vice versa. It's too much to do both by myself." Then I go to the elevator. I'm going to inspect the library. I'm told that Delia, the librarian, is pregnant. I sign. More work for me. The elevator door is curved and narrow and I barely get in. We go to the 4th floor and I get out. I enter a lounge area where employees can recreate. There are musical instruments and tapes and so on There is a guy there, kind of arrogant and pushy. We talk. (148 words)
#1476 (1989-06-26)

Veronica and I are talking. It's sort of like a counseling session. I say, "But what's the bottom line? What are you searching for? What do you really want out of life?" She thinks about it heavily. "Just a nice life. All pretty?" I ask. "No," she says, "I want to be spiritual, search, come live with you." She looks at me shyly. I am some pleased at the reverence and a little anxious about protecting myself. I then say, "Seattle would be a good town to live in." We talk more. (92 words)
#1477 (1989-06-26)

A boat ride is happening and I don't really want to do it, but go ahead anyway. It costs $3.00 sand I have to walk down lots of stairs. I'm to take three little girls with me and they won't mind! They run away and play on merry-go-rounds and I angrily yell at them, "Come here right now." I am embarrassed to hear the harsh anger in my voice and I'm very annoyed at them for not minding. They dawdle along and we go down lots of steps and come to a crossroads. I don't know which way to go. I see Ellie seated dejectedly on a step. She says, "It's too late anyway. The boat already left." I'm very angry now, wasting $3.00 and tired from unnecessary walking. (129 words)
#1480 (1989-06-29)

Robin Williams is going away, so I call him over to give him a goodbye kiss. I give him my long, lingering, best sexy kiss and he moans softly as he melts into it. I smile at his pleasure. He starts to walk across the street and then gets on all fours to imitate a baby crawling. He's in diapers. It's a little cute comedy skit to amaze me. I laugh. Then bunches of kids do it too and several of the littlest are not looking out for traffic as they romp across the street. I see cars coming, so I stand up, walking out in the street with my hand up to stop traffic. (115 words)
#1481 (1989-06-29)

Samantha comes out to ask me kindly to come in with everyone. I say, "I can't. My right leg is like in a cast." I'm seated on a bench on the sidewalk. Or they would even carry me. I tell her it would hurt too much and refuse firmly. I then see Doug driving up in his 18 wheeler truck. Lydia is in the passenger side. A man hops in and kisses her on the cheek. He's a red neck type. They circle around my bench, stop and get out. I get up and Doug and I walk to a square outdoor cafe table. Lydia follows. Doug is bragging and talking and I'm bored and uptight. I'm sorry to be there listening to him. (124 words)
#1482 (1989-06-29)

Dovre and I are at the movies. Tyler hands me a letter he wrote me. It is long and sweet, emotional. He starts by describing our first day together at work. "We were on a tall hill and looked over the scene," he began. I was touched and felt close to him. A woman is giving frothy lemon meringue pie pieces out to starving poor people. I think she is harming them, giving them something for nothing, teaching them to beg, and it's not nutritious. She's upset with me for not giving pies out. We talk back and forth. Then she mumbles, "Some people aren't very giving." "Some women in particular," Dylan smiles because he sees I've got the hint and I'm filling with righteous anger and am about to tell her what for. I sit up and say, "What did you say? Could you repeat that?" She does. I say, "I understand what you're really saying and I want you to know some people give in different ways. Some people answer the telephone at 3:00 a.m. and listen to the other person's fears and pain." I guess I told her! (191 words)
#1483 (1989-06-30)

I'm in a store and Bonnie is pushing my manual wheelchair. I see big crystals and jewelry. I start to go outside and see a man watching me. He seems friendly and I am attracted to him. Bonnie waits for me in the car. I go out and he's out there. I see a turtle with a leather coat over his shell. The man says, "May I have that?" He really wants it. I agree. We circle it and it starts coming closer to me. I back up into the comfortable arms of the man. The turtle comes very close and bites me. I see a tiny bloodless paper cut and say, "Ouch! Is it poisonous?" The man says, "No. It's harmless." [BL] (122 words)
#1484 (1989-07-04)

I'm swimming in the ocean. I've been shipwrecked and am swimming for my life. Some buoy that looks like a giant bottle is floating and moving away from me. I must catch it or drown, and I do get it and rest on it. I look up and see heavy surf. It is very dangerous. People are boating past me and I yell out, over and over, "Help me. Help me." They don't hear and then I wake up on shore, safe, and I cry and cry in relief. I don't know how I made it alive, but I did. [BL] (100 words)
#1485 (1989-07-04)

I'm in a foreign country, Jamaica or India, and I hear a man say, "Oh Dear! This is terrible. I saw a sign and now I must go home and tell my wife and she must kill herself and then I won't get any dinner." I laugh at his odd religion. I am meeting an older woman friend and I have a gift for her. She has a man she wants to introduce to me. He follows along behind us. I am all involved in getting the gift from the sack I'm carrying and pay no attention. He's attracted and watches me. It's sort of like we're both destined to meet and have relationship but we haven't noticed each other yet. I go to the library, walking through the streets thinking, "I can write a story about a country I've never been in! I can do it." I go in the library to reserve a room to do my research. The librarian leaves, is busy. I call up and reserve a room for Sunday, very pleased with myself because the librarian said there weren't any available. I start to write it into her reservation book and realize I'll get in trouble, so I wait until she returns and fess up to using her phone, etc. She asks me what I called and I realize I'd called a library in another city (New York maybe), so I'm out of luck. I feel very frustrated and defeated. The man is leaving a group of his friends and is about to enter the room I'm in and we will meet. (267 words)
#1487 (1989-07-08)

I have a camera that looks like Valerie's tape player. I pour grape juice in it to make it work better. I get up to go brush my teeth and use the camera juice to rinse and then wonder if there's nasty chemicals in it. Now I am holding a "sister," a young girl/woman, in my arms and I am very intense and upset. I must help her and the only way is to repeat over and over, "I believe in you, Sharon" no matter what she says. I'm trying to help her overcome sexual molestation trauma and I explain to Arvonne we have to help her build trust, so no matter what awful thing she says, we accept it and love her anyway. Arvonne frowns and won't cooperate. I tell her angrily she's a bad woman and a lousy psychologist! I pace, saying, "I believe in you, Sharon" over and over. She mumbled, "Owaha, Hawaii," and, "I don't go to San Salvador." This is considered progress. (167 words)
#1488 (1989-07-08)

I'm with some teens and we're in a deserted, scary house. I have a walkie-talkie and find dead and bloody bodies that zoo animals have come in and marauded. A lion runs toward us up the stairs and we run into a room and shut the door. It won't lock, so we all lean against it, fighting the terrible force of the lion clawing through the door. We lock it precariously and I yell, "Is there another door?" We find one and go out into another hall and see a trap door up in the ceiling. We crawl up there and hide. Suddenly I'm aware of spooks and spirits, a huge black-blue tarantula spider and a half eaten away corpse lurking behind us. Trapped between a raging lion and the scary spirits, I call out on my radio, "We're in this deserted house; come get us." Men with rifles come in and kill the lion and we escape. (Fessing up to being where we're not supposed to be was not comfortable, either). (172 words)
#1489 (1989-07-08)

A "Donald Trump" guy takes a special super fighter jet to fly an Arab princess where she needs to go. I'm surprised the government let him get away with that! We land. There is a lake. I think I escape and run for the lake. I slide down a talus slope and just as I get to the water, Donald's body floats out of a cave. He's on his back. His eyes flutter open. I thought he was dead. I was safe, but no. He lives. The first thing I saw was his huge, strong hand. So I run for the place and get in. He runs after me, yelling, "Wait. There's something you need to know before you fly." I figure it's a trick, and get in and fly away. It's hard because the jet is so complex. (139 words)
#1490 (1989-07-08)

A woman and I live together. She might be a daughter. She has a Chicano lover and she's afraid of him. He comes in drunk and has a gun that he threatens to shoot us with. I yell and grab the gun. He gets very angry and hits me and is going to badly beat me up. I dare him to try, but am inwardly afraid. I call him names. The daughter is a total wimp and angry at me for fighting back. I made him leave. I bring the gun in a lake. She says I should have to pay for it since I made it go away. I refuse and leave. He's following me and means me harm. I head for the M City house and go to the front door, hoping my father is around to help protect me. I see he is and I slam the door shut after I get in the living room. I yell, "Call the police!" As I lock the door. "Dad," who looks like Grandpa Mildred, can't find the number. "911," I yell. He tries, but is unsuccessful. The guy gets in and Dad doesn't do anything. Now the scene changes and he and my "daughter" have taken the deed to my place and are using it for their own. He's planted corn in my yard. I say to him, "I know what you've done. It's illegal and I can get a lawyer and get back my land anytime I want." He knows that, so he tries to be nice to me. I hold it over his head. If he doesn't "take care of me right," I yank the farm out from under him. I don't trust him. I'm waiting for him to screw up. (294 words)
#1491 (1989-07-10)

[I fell back to sleep early in morning.] I had three minutes to get to school and I was running up a graveled path and across a lawn and missed the school building and went on into bushes where an older child, Charla, was crying. Then I realized I was dreaming and suggested to myself I go up and find the creative healing source. I felt waves of energy and I easily flew up through a ceiling and up into space and then saw lots of tan-colored spots that were my DNA. I thought of maybe coming out of the trance and encouraged myself to stay with it. (100 words)
#1492 (1989-07-10)

Coming to an old poverty-struck town to teach. We find the address and no one's there. So I go to the door and call, "I'm here. It's time." Little munchkin type critters come in. My associate (Mike Douglas) looks out at all of these "disabled" critters and looks at me. I smile at his discomfort. He asks if they need high school or grade school instruction. They say grade school. He says, "Well, that's me." I then take over as I'm more at ease and tell them I have arthritis and my vocal cords are deformed and I can't talk over them. They cooperate and I thank them for showing me respect. (112 words)
#1493 (1989-07-13)

Tom (Susan's husband) and Mabel tell me they got married today and I cry. I'm hurt because they didn't tell me before so I could come to the wedding. They said if they told me and then some others, then soon too many people would come or feelings would get hurt. I say, "I should have realized when you told me you got your marriage license yesterday." (67 words)
#1498 (1989-07-16)

Jake is very depressed; he is lying down and thinking of suicide. I come up to him and he says, "A part of me died last February." I say, "At least you have your health! I don't even have that." I then explain to him how he needs to make changes so his relationships with Valerie can continue. I put my hands together with the fingers interlaced and say their relationship is like that. He is good at lots of things, but terrible at social and relationship stuff and Valerie is the opposite. (93 words)
#1499 (1989-07-16)

I'm with a group of people. Each of us lives in a carved-out cave area. A younger brother of Bob Lacote lives opposite me. A wall separates us. A bossy "mother" puts paneling (like in my office) over the lovely natural obsidian wall. I am appalled. The other brother "Bob" and I are attracted. When he visits his younger brother's cave, I can hear every word he says, and when I talk on the phone he hears me. That's how we communicate with each other. (85 words)
#1501 (1989-07-16)

Susan S. and Tom are around. The phone rings and I answer it. It is the media interested in Mobility International, and I'm a little disappointed because I hoped they were interested in my stuff. I hand the phone over to Susie. It turns out they ask me to go somewhere and talk, and she refuses for me because she thinks I've done too much and will get tired and ill. I give her a lecture, surprised that she of all people didn't know better. "I make that decision. Not you. Probably I'll come to the same decision but I have the right to decide. Don't decide for me." She is embarrassed and agrees. And now I'm flying. The vehicle I'm on is sort of a flattened wheelchair. It runs on air and is slowly running out, like a balloon. I hope I have enough. I fly through a boy's dorm and down the side of a tall building. I finally run out and am concerned how I'll manage because I can't walk well or far. An "India" man comes up and makes me a special tortilla, white and round with # cross hatch embossed marks on it. I fold it up and eat it. It's like peyote only it makes me feel peaceful and I can now move effortlessly. (220 words)
#1502 (1989-07-18)

Bonnie, Mateo, a baby girl and I are in an old living room. Mateo is playing rough and I tell him to get down. I'm trying to coax the baby girl to my lap. Bonnie says, "How come there are always killer dogs around?" I say, "There aren't any around here. Oh maybe up the street," and then I laugh because I was thinking of South H. Street, not A. Street. Three big guys and a snarling dog come to the door and walk right in and stand inside the door. I pick up the baby girl and say to them, "What do you want?" They hem and haw and say, "Do you have any records?" (musical ones). I say, "No, I don't, none to give anyway." They smirk and leave. I get up and go to the door, carrying the baby. It's dark and cloudy out there and ominous. Snarling dogs are up and down the street. Snarling squirrels try to bite at me through the old, nasty screen door. Those men are lounging on my lawn, waiting. I say, "I'm not afraid. I know what to do." I shut the door and lock it and look hurriedly for other doors to lock. I see a long closed-in hall (tunnel like) and refuse to walk through it, too scary. I go upstairs and I see an unlocked door and hear them opening it. I tiptoe up the attic stairs, stepping over clothes and games. I hear them tiptoeing behind me. I am scared. I see a pad and crawl under it and under a second layer and I curl up, waiting and hoping they don't find me. They paw around the pad but don't unearth the second layer. They are standing very close to me. I can hardly breathe. (300 words)
#1503 (1989-07-18)

I bought a woman's bookstore and Ellie and Paulina are helping me rearrange it. Paulina wears a white satin gown and I look for a place to put the children's books. I want a fun place they can play in and keep them busy while parents shop. There are newspapers from Korea and blouses. (54 words)
#1504 (1989-07-20)

I'm in the back seat of a car telling a woman in the front seat what my father does for a living. I sit in different positions like a teen on the phone, including up-side-down. I say he's a paleontologist now and even has a plant fossil named after him, "S.i." I comment that he used to be a musician, or rather a music teacher. I see a plant that I call an S.i. (named after me). It is a primitive, a green stalk with nodules for roots. It is easily plucked from the ground (like the plant at the forest camp). I see it only grows in clumps at the end of benches (like picnic table benches). Now I'm getting into a convertible car. I have boots on -- black, lace up boots (not sexy, but interesting). It has a lavaliere mike on it and I say, "I'm wired for sound." I get in the back seat, seated up on the top like a prom queen. There's a baby girl (2 years) in the corner of the back seat with me. My father is driving. He gives me a glass of champagne and I comment (or think), "It's a good thing I'm not in the front seat with Dad. People could get the 'wrong' idea about a sexual relationship." There's a black cover top over the back seat that I'm seated on. (233 words)
#1507 (1989-07-22)

I'm in a small room that has dirt and debris and bugs in it. I see a tiny (Alice in Wonderland) door and, curious, I open it. I see an ugly man there and say, "Uh oh, guess I shouldn't have opened the door." I shut it quickly. I decide I don't want this room to be so bad, so I marshal my forces and change things. (I am aware I'm dreaming) and command the bugs to straighten things up. They march around in lines and I walk carefully so as not to smash any of them. I am repelled by them and grateful to them. They do miraculous work. In fact it is lovely and has opened up into more rooms, including the room the man had been in. I go down a hallway toward the bedrooms. I see video games. Then I see a 3-D video behind glass of real people enacting ordinary human activities. I'm like a voyager watching them. I feel sad that I'm reduced to such a lowly act. I see sexual activity and feel an orgasm. [BL] (182 words)
#1509 (1989-07-24)

I'm in a hospital bed, sleeping. I'd had seizures or something and they had me under observation. I really was OK and this was an expensive way to make sure. A man who really did have seizures comes over to me and takes a bottle of wine from my bedside table. I tell him to put it back. The doctors are talking about me. I get up to examine lots of my old belongings I'd packed up long ago and sent to England. They are out on a counter top and taking up lots of room. I go through the stuff and see magazines and amber beads I'd like to take back with me. I realize I'd taken up too much room with my junk and wonder if other people need this area and think about packing it back up and taking it back to America. (146 words)
#1510 (1989-07-26)

I walk down a steep talus slope to examine a pile of obsidian rock and a pile of fossils. Then I realize the flood waters are coming back up and I scurry up the rock slope. The water is muddy and roiling. It chases me. I run for a high hill top. I am safe, barely, surrounded by water. (59 words)
#1512 (1989-07-26)

I build a tiny room behind another room to hide in. Capt. Kirk and Spock are looking for me. They are in their private office and Capt. K sees a seam on the wall that is part of my hidden room. He says to Spock, "This room seems different, smaller, and I don't remember that seam there." I realize then they'd found me. I feel caught. Kirk says, "Do you think she knows we know?" Spock says, "She knew the moment you knew. Ann is very smart, as smart as you." They leave the room to give me some private time. (101 words)
#1514 (1989-07-27)

A man had bought a used tractor cheap for me. Then I had to pay for pieces of equipment to repair it, and then he tells me it won't work. He has his hat down over his eyes and I say, "Move your hat up. I want to tell you what I feel. I know you tried and you did some good things, but I got dumped on here and I'm angry and frustrated." He looks sheepish and I feel a little guilty ragging on him. (86 words)
#1515 (1989-08-02)

Josh and I are in bed. We cuddle shyly. We don't make love but just acknowledge the possibility of later. I get up and walk down the street. Someone has called the police because it's not proper for Josh and me to be together, because of his disability. I give an eloquent lecture about discrimination. [BL] (55 words)
#1516 (1989-08-02)

Someone returns my jewels, but I see they are clever forgeries. I go to call a policeman friend to meet me for lunch to share my concerns. He doesn't show up and next I am buried up to my neck in the sand. I slowly wriggle myself free and crawl away, watching the wind blow the sand to cover my tracks as I go to hide. (66 words)
#1518 (1989-08-01)

I'm in a bathtub, but it's sort of like church. I offer to let others join me, but they say no, it should be one at a time. So I let the water out and say, "Just a minute while I pray," and I pray, while trying to put the water back in. (53 words)
#1519 (1989-08-03)

Four women are all dressed alike, in a yellow/gold satin dress with black lace. They are dance hall hostesses. I am one and walk down the stairs. Then I'm a kid and I'm in trouble with the other kids because I paid out tutors too much money. They say, "Didn't you know they already make over 90 cents an hour?" I'm a little embarrassed. I lay on a bed and see a black and white kitten chasing a mouse. "That's just a toy mouse, right?" I ask and see that it is. I am relieved and reach down and pet them and play with them. I tease, "You really are mousers! You little mouse, you." I say it like it's not really true they are mousers. (126 words)
#1520 (1989-08-05)

There are men painting a wall of a submarine (inside). I watch as they use brushes. Then someone asks me to talk about when I started writing. I tell a small audience that, "I think I popped out of the womb writing," that I told stories before I could write and my life was rich with dream images. They are impressed. (61 words)
#1521 (1989-08-07)

Cary Grant is a spy. He comes to "my house," which is small. The bedroom is in a loft and the two children's beds are in the same room as mine. The bedspreads are all matching. There are a baby girl and a two year old boy. He's a roomer. I go outside and he and I walk down the beach. He says, "We'd better practice cuddling and kissing so we'll look like husband and wife." We do and it's so nice I start to fall in love with him. I hold him to me close and he hugs back. He says with regret, "This usually happens. It will pass." I feel sad. Then I hear music, a woman singing gospel, and we walk over there. Then I look down a hall and see a bad guy and I say, "Quick, look, so you'll know what he looks like too." He looks, red shirt. So I see two doors and I say, "It's a conference of some kind." I go to pretend I'm a member to find out more information. A fat woman, a nurse, comes over to me and I start asking questions. Come to find out, they sell babies form the hospital to childless women, so I pretend I want a baby. She gives me a slip of paper like a Visa slip. It says, "Pick up the baby at the hospital." I ask her name and phone and she gets suspicious. (244 words)
#1523 (1989-08-10)

I'm in a bathtub and draining the water. I stand up, being careful not to slip on the soap bars. I step into a second tub of cool water and rinse. I then dry off and get into a bathrobe. I hear a knock at the door. I wonder if I should ask, "Who is it?" before I open it. It might be a bad person. I don't ask, and it is Bonnie. I say, "Come in, but as you can see, all my furniture is gone. I'm moving." [BL] (89 words)
#1524 (1989-08-10)

I'm moving and tell people not to forget this or that. My paintings on the wall, my piano bench (a bar stool with a flanged-flared bowl seat like lilac bowl of 4th grade flower show). I say, "I want to look around before we go to make sure nothing important is left." A muscular man I called Dad says, "OK," and goes outside. I go to the porch and call out, "Wait. We've packed the steps, we can't get down." He gets a motorcycle and says wait, he'll come around inside and get me and we'll jump the porch to get off. I yell at him, "No. It's not necessary. I can go inside and walk down the basement steps." He goes ahead and then crashes and is paralyzed badly. His face is in shock. I start to feel guilty that this was all for me and then realize he did it to himself. (154 words)
#1525 (1989-08-10)

I am cleaning off the stove and a young man asks me if I ever like to go out for a bagel. I say yes, I do. (It's like he's shyly asking me for a date.) I then list other things I like to do -- go to the movies, watch videos. (52 words)
#1526 (1989-08-11)

There had been a massacre down river and I got into a canoe with another woman and two Indian men. We paddled to the scene where it happened. We did a good job of synchronized paddling. As we looked over the scene, I realized a storm was brewing and we needed to leave soon. I had to pray first. So I saw a cord coming down from the ceiling and I could have been less diligent and started my prayers at mid point but no, I moved my hands to hold the very top section and prayed for my father, then I moved my hands to the next section and prayed for my mother, and so on down until at the last, I prayed for me. After this, the male Indian gave each of us girls a scorpion which we placed on our heads and looked like crocheted head piece. Then we each got our feathers, which we put in our braid (we are Indian). I felt proud. Earning our feather was a brave and good thing. He praised us. Then I saw the waters quite rough from the storm and we paddled out. (194 words)
#1527 (1989-08-11)

A man drives by in a car and I don't like him. I call out belligerently that he is stupid and ugly. He slows up and turns around and I know he's big and strong and he's going to beat me up. I keep on deliberately approaching him and insulting him. There is a direct confrontation. He and I fight. Another man joins in. I pinch their balls and punch and kick. They hit me a lot too. Finally, I walk away bruised, but at least I held my own. (90 words)
#1528 (1989-08-11)

A man asks me to go get the record books so he can write in something that isn't true. I say, "No. I will not help you cheat and lie." He says that I'm not a good woman. Other women do what their man says. I say, "Do you mean you think being unladylike is worse than helping you cheat and lie?" I was shocked and didn't believe it myself. I was surprised he could believe that. (77 words)
#1529 (1989-08-13)

I am fighting a man. He's shooting at me with a pistol. If I stand still, he misses me. I am very angry at him, and I stand over him with a huge knife and want to kill him. It's all I can do not to kill him, but I force myself to calm down. After this ordeal I lay down and a man is there. I ask him if we can hug. He cuddles his head in my shoulder and I lay there with my arms around him like he's my child, only it was me that needed the comfort. Then he's Howard and he's sexually aroused and wants to make love. I refuse him and then say, "It's not sex that is the problem, it's that I never even wanted to kiss you the first time. I didn't even like that." I hoped I didn't hurt his feelings. I remembered he owed me $116.00 (156 words)
#1530 (1989-08-14)

Dolores M is the clerk in the fabric store. I want to make a nightgown. She says, "OK, but if you buy that material, you must also buy this material to make six pairs of socks." I don't like the sock material; it's a flowered print cotton with ruffles. She says, "You don't actually have to make the socks, you just have to buy the material." So I do. Then I see a crowd on a lawn in front of my bedroom. Two comedians are doing their routine. One's white and the other black (Bill Cosby). I go around the crowd to get a better look and I see two wheelchair guys being interviewed by the TV media about accessibility. Then two orange-haired black kids come over to Bill while he's working and want him to take them to the store. He stage whispers, "Can't you see I'm working? Go ask your mother." He's their father. (156 words)
#1531 (1989-08-14)

Millie has come to visit me. I ask how many days will she stay. She says, "Only one night and two days." I am disappointed. I say, "We could do this or that." She just wants to hang out looking out the window. She says, "Do you see the dinosaur?" A hillside looks like the shape of a dinosaur. I say, "Look at that one. It looks like an iguana or Gila monsters. She says she can only stay a short time because her garden is growing fast now and she never needs to tend it. We go outside to see the garden. She points out row after row of plants and names each one. I say, confused, "Did you bring your garden here?" She says, "No, I know I don't have a garden." We decide it belongs to the big farm owner (like Breeden Brothers). (146 words)
#1532 (1989-08-14)

I'm on a train or bus. A man gets on. He's a soldier and he grabs a boy and yanks him into the bathroom and rapes him. The boy screams and cries. Then the soldier comes out and says, "Now I want a woman." He grabs me and takes me in there. I do not cry out or fight. When he's done he chains me to another "brave one," a man. Each of our arms are chained to a carton of 18 eggs. (83 words)
#1533 (1989-08-15)

I have a third baby girl, only I can't remember who her father is. Maybe he's the Spanish man Pablo or maybe I was still married to Howard. I feel embarrassed; one should know these things. Lydia and I are talking. My father calls me over to show me something that vibrates under a floor. I see a broken piece in the floor and a hole. I say, "Whatever it was came through here." I hoped it wasn't scary aliens. My mother is calling my father from a distance. Her voice is harsh and bossy. I feel sorry for my father. Lydia and I walk outside. She says, "You need to go where the good writers are." I say, "Where?" She says, "Maybe with Howard." I laugh. She says, "No really. Maybe the Native Americans." I say, "They aren't writers." I think of L.A. (144 words)
#1534 (1989-08-16)

I'm in a bedroom sand I'm a little scared. There are "entities" in there. Ernie and Ginny are there too. I leave the room to go take a bath. I leap out of bed very healthily. I say, "Maybe I should stay. They also healed me." I take the bath and go back to that bedroom, still a little nervous but needing the good healing energy. I get in bed. Ernie curls up with me. He is gentle and loving and I realize this is friendship, not sexual. I relax in his embrace. (93 words)
#1536 (1989-08-17)

I am the only English boy in a Chinese school. They don't like me at all. They are all seated at long tables in rows. I must sit alone at a school desk. I had befriended a Chinese girl who wanted me to sit with her, but the teacher hated me and made me sit alone. So when she wasn't looking, I'd sneak between the tables back to my desk. [BL] (70 words)
#1537 (1989-08-17)

Thousands of black Africans in native costumes are attacking. One has a gun and we shoot him and he shoots us. He laughs and says, "We can't be killed and our numbers are endless." I realize he's right and there's only one hope. Now I have a Catholic priest's frock on and I play a peace hymn on an out-of-tune organ/piano. I play it loud, hoping to get others to sing and then the killing will stop. (77 words)
#1540 (1989-08-17)

I'm in some kind of a hotel and I'm looking for the elevator. I find it. Some other people crowd into another elevator that doesn't look right. As it goes up, the sides fold down on them like a crushed box. They start screaming. I rush over and push the down button and they tumble out. I point to the sign that says "Danger, Freight elevators" and say to the manager that it needs to be more clear. It really is written in obscure words and I tell her, "And even I, who am quite literate, would have trouble understanding the sign. (102 words)
#1541 (1989-08-17)

Now I'm driving home up a freeway. I'm sort of Kate Hepburn. We see a troop of entertainers and pull over. They come over and are belligerent. We try to escape. They laugh and say they aren't legal in this state but they are just over the Delaware border. We drive away and realize we're going the wrong way, so we turn and drive quickly past them again, sticking out our tongues and jeering, feeling safe they can't catch us. We pull into a hotel that has a parking garage so they won't see our car, but as we look out our room windows we see them pull in. We lock the door. Our room is furnished with two bare mattresses. They pound on the door and we hide, hoping they'd go away. They do and then the hinge side of the door pops free and open. We hold it closed, hoping they don't return. (155 words)
#1542 (1989-08-19)

I'm in a bus and a facilitator of a group like Mobility International. One of the guys gets outside the bus and clings to the outside as we are driving fast down the road! I insist that he come back inside. He refuses. It's a power struggle. I point out he could be in danger. He points out he's just fine. I call up to the driver, "Stop the bus. We won't go until you come in." He comes in, upset with me. I go up front to explain to the driver and Susie what happened. We continue the journey, but I keep having those kinds of standoffs with other group members. They are not cooperating and I'm getting tired of having to keep them in line. (127 words)
#1544 (1989-08-20)

I'm at a hotel. B B of the community college is the owner We are gathered around a table. I notice Phyllis (a TV star on Rhoda) is not there and I say to B. she should see what's in her safety deposit box. B goes and looks. She comes back and confides that there's millions of dollars in there. I nod knowingly. "She robbed the bank," I say. B suggests we don't tell and split the money. I notice Phyllis is among us now and shush B, but too late. Phyllis hears. She asks the crowd how many would agree to keep silent and split the money. Lots of hands go up. I tell them they will be accomplices. They don't care. I quietly leave to go tell the police. Several others go to their embassies to tell. So we come back, followed by platoons of each group. I have squad cars, one Arab has white-robed Arabs all in a row, etc. (163 words)
#1546 (1989-08-21)

I'm in an English class. Bonnie is with me. I leave the class and bus somewhere to find this professor to ask him to lecture at the OCA conference. He seems reluctant and I continue to press. He finally agrees. I bus back and almost pick up another girl's homework paper. I tell her she left them behind. She's grumpy and doesn't care. (63 words)
#1547 (1989-08-21)

I'm a river animal of some sort and I'm lazily paddling in my nice creek. I see fish swimming, my dinner later on. I smile, floating on my back and feeling good about my nice river. I get out and explore a commercial restaurant kitchen. I waddle up some stairs and see a double swinging glass door to the lobby. I am tempted to go through, but remember that the last time I did that I couldn't find my way back, so I return to my creek. Kitchen people comment on me as I pass, "Did you see that? Wasn't it cute?" "Someone should pick it up." "Not me!" I see three or four more poodle dogs in a side alcove. A man says, "They're mine. I'm waiting for the other sexed dog to arrive." I see someone leading a female poodle toward them and am glad I'm not here with three or four sexual males awaiting her. (158 words)
#1548 (1989-08-22)

A beautiful blonde-haired, blue-eyed young woman in ringlets and a gold chip hat (dressed like in Little Women) comes in and hugs Lydia saying, "Oh! You were that cute little one." She then comes close up to me and looks into my eyes before she hugs me. She says, "Do you remember me?" I say, "No, I don't. Are you one of the California cousins?" She laughs and hugs and moves on. (72 words)
#1549 (1989-08-22)

I'm in a movie on a huge floating dock. It's a small part and I'm almost through, kind of routine stuff. Suddenly a huge whale breezes through and I am catapulted around and thrown into the water with the whale. He wants to play. He likes me, but I am terrified because I don't know if he's going to eat me or accidentally drown me or what. The water is nearly black and dark. I slide under and am afraid, and then I find a place to crawl back up on the dock. Someone else is out in the water and I am relieved to be "safe." The whale seems to want only me. He has a crush on me. (120 words)
#1551 (1989-08-24)

My mother and I are at Ginny's house taking a tour of it. I ask where the bedroom is, in German. "Wo ist der___?" Then I laugh and say, "That's not French; how do you say it in French?" My mother says, "Su a huiet." I say, "Oh yeah. That's it." (51 words)
#1554 (1989-08-25)

Howard is married to another woman and the three of us are walking. I'm in the middle. I tell her, "After all, I've know Howard since we were kids. I transferred to M City High in the sophomore year and he transferred in his junior year." He says, "No, in the 8th grade." I say, "At any rate, I only knew you from the sophomore year." (66 words)
#1555 (1989-08-25)

I'm looking for a bathroom. I round a corner and am surprised to see Bonnie seated in the hall. She's volunteering to staff a room she sits next to and watches. I say "Hi," and then change my mind about the bathroom because police are coming. I go out looking for the exit. I see a man and he and I get into a water fight. We each have a garden hose and are pouring cold water on each other. I see his hair freezing into strands of ice. I decide to stop this before we get hurt. He's all curled up on the floor in the coldness. (108 words)
#1556 (1989-08-26)

Jake and I are working together to save some packages in the freezer from freezer burn. We are putting stickers and tape on the open places. Valerie comes along and wants to talk to me. I want to stay connected with Jake and I want to listen to her. I hope she isn't upset with me and understands. (58 words)
#1557 (1989-08-27)

I decide to do the dishes. There's just a few left to do. I start in and it feels nice to be cleaning up a job that's been sitting around for a while, and then I notice I'm going to be late! So I hurry away to change. I wear black and red. I see another woman next to me and realize with surprise that she and I are transfusing our blood to each other through tubes hooked into our legs. I hadn't felt them put in the needle. After that's all over, I get ready to go to a very fancy party, at a spiffy uptown address. At the last moment I pick up a red ribbon for my hair. It's very ornate, with black on one side, red on the other and becomes a mask for my face. All the fragile curly cues are attached to a center of plastic like a false fingernail that I glue to my nose. I look very beautiful. As I walk out people stop and stare at my beauty. A huge crowd is outside seated on benches. I see a line of women in maroon shirts and notice it clashes with my red. Then I see a young Clyde (my Granddad) seated. We smile at each other. (215 words)
#1558 (1989-08-28)

I'm an Asian man. My woman has run away and I'm running to catch her. I hear a siren behind me and wonder if I'd done something wrong. I'm on a narrow sand spit with water on both sides. As I get out there, I see a violent teen boy coming at me and I turn to run back. I have a bag (black) with a baby, a crochet hook and a gun in it. He stops me and I know I must protect the baby. I reach in for the hook, to give it to him in appeasement and I clumsily let him see the gun. We grapple for the bag and I grab the baby out and throw the bag into the water. I step on it to make it sink faster and huge air bubbles escape. I feel fear, excitement and a sense of being trapped for a moment. I fear the baby is in the bag. The sand spit now is a deflated air mattress and my floating is precarious. (174 words)
#1559 (1989-08-28)

My parents are in a car. I'm following, wind in the face. We get to the school where they are going to help me do some paper work. They go in and I can't find a wheelchair ramp. Then I do and find a grumpy woman to ask directions. She takes me down a long hall, complaining that she can't breathe as she walks and hangs her shirt on a clothes line with herself in it so she can rest. I get angry at her and turn to go back and find the room. I see a sign that says "B's Enterprises Brothel." I sneer, "Who did that! "The woman is proud to say she did. It is in vibrant pink colors. [BL] (122 words)
#1560 (1989-08-31)

Bonnie and I are in a room and there is a rattler snake. I am afraid of it. Bonnie is unconcerned and picks it up by the tail and I cry out in fear that it will bite her. She laughs at me as it wriggles around nearly biting her and then nearly biting me. I move away, fearful and angry at her for putting me in this danger. She thinks I'm being silly. (74 words)
#1561 (1989-09-01)

I and a man dance a bunny hop kind of step through a long double line of people who are clapping their hands. On the way back, I sing a lasagna recipe in a blues style. Then I get to my kitchen and tell people not to mind the mess. I don't like to do dishes. They are piled high, everywhere. There are lots of strange-looking glasses, blue, pretty, odd-shaped, multi-colored. I then stand at one of three sinks and start washing dishes. The sink is long and narrow and it's hard to reach the dish drainer. Later, I move to the side and see that that's the original correct place to stand. (113 words)
#1563 (1989-09-03)

I wanted to have a relationship with this guy but he didn't know how to go about it. Tyler would give me advice and I'd try it but "John" looked at me and sneers, "She's 10 pounds overweight." Tyler defends me by saying, "It's the way her clothes are, they make her look fat." (54 words)
#1565 (1989-09-03)

Tyler is getting into an elevator and I call out, "Wait, I'll go with you," and I push the button of the elevator, but even though I barely touched the button, the elevator moves quickly and too far. Tyler gets out and lectures me on how to do it properly. I feel embarrassed and angry. I defend myself, "I barely touched the button." He says, "You have to learn not to drag your finger." (74 words)
#1566 (1989-09-04)

I go up to the fourth floor of the center building, looking for Rita's creativity class. I'm the guest speaker. I see a big crowd in the halls. I ask Rita if class will start soon or if I have time to go get lunch. She says, "Five minutes," so I say "Good, it's too crowded out there anyway." I see lots of orchids and calla lilies in green florist paper and comment on their beauty. Rita, who is glad to see me, says that the students brought them in. An angry young man enters the room and talks. He's complaining and noisy! I don't think Rita is handling it well, so I start my class lecture. He leaves. I use an allegory example from my childhood. I say, "Maybe the only way I can get my family to notice me is to make noise or trouble." So I shove some blocks and toys off a hassock onto the floor. Then I talk about filters. We are communicating to each other through many layers of ideas. So I talk about my mother having her filters and so by the time my noise gets to her, she's responding to that, not to my inner message of need. So I describe her reaction. "Be quiet. What's wrong with you behaving in this bad way." Her voice is angry and sarcastic. Rita and a woman student flinch at the strong negative picture I describe of my mother. I feel a little guilty. Maybe I went too far. The students admire me and my insights. (261 words)
#1567 (1989-09-05)

I'm in a swim pool at some kind of a Uni house reunion. I go up a flight of stairs and go down one and think, "How, silly! What a waste of energy." I notice that Ginny is hung over from last night's festivities. Jen H has moved my bed and my head will rest in a different direction. It bothers me a little. I go back upstairs. Nat III comes up and I don't recognize him at first. He admires me. Another one comes up and says, "You've sure gained weight." I tell him about the cortisone. It's my excuse. He doesn't completely buy it. (106 words)
#1570 (1989-09-07)

Someone brings me some toy-like things that are promo's for a new play. I am supposed to display them to do PR, but I only want to keep them. They are so cute. I see a line of women who look like Ru, in wheelchairs! Each has a lap full of stuff. She's moving out of her room and her family is here to help her. Her dad and brothers are sort of tough Okies. I see a kitten whose head has been caught temporarily because a hassock stool has rolled too close. I know I need to let the kitty do it herself, but I feel sorry for it and move it. The kitty is mad at me and goes and hides. I go back to Ru's room. I look in. She's seated on her bed and one of her sisters is doing new wallpaper. She (Ru) says, "See the new floor covering?" It's a flower print linoleum. I am amazed her family completely transformed her room in just a short time - yellow and white fluffy curtains, matching bed spread, lots of ruffles. It's pretty. I go to my room (like a dorm or hospital) and notice I have paint and am relieved. It's easier to do than wallpaper. I sit in my bed and am putting white pearl nail polish on my left thumbnail. A nurse comes in and wants me to apply a jelly-like substance to my "infected (affected) area," the vagina (the jelly is like diaphragm jelly!). Instead, I wipe yellow diarrhea off my butt and then put the jelly on the vagina. Before I did this, I asked a nurse to pull the blinds. She was incompetent and couldn't follow my directions. (288 words)
#1572 (1989-09-08)

Joseph and I are going to dance (Indian dance like at a pow-wow). But in order for him to teach me, we need to find a sharp straight edge at a 45 degree angle. Then I see two woven baskets and I am working on unraveling a third so I can rebuild it well. Someone asks if I can sell one, but I say, "No. Sorry. They're all gone." (69 words)
#1573 (1989-09-08)

I walk into a big hall where there's a pancake feed going on. I feel very good, walking so easily and without pain. I pick up a huge tray of pancakes only cooked on one side. I carry them in and walk down a long line of tables. I see Aunt Rosalie and Uncle Gus seated alone near the end. I sit down across from them. I ask my mother to bring me a glass of milk, explaining that I had thought there was one here already, but it seems someone removed it. Uncle Gus stutters and drools a little. Aunt Rosalie looks emotionally exhausted and nervous. Someone asks me if I'm really going to ask him about the incest stuff and I firmly nod my head yes. I look at him and ask, "Tell me about it." He is shaken, like a child and scared. He stutters that he only did it to Darcy as a baby once and then Rosalie explained to him how it was wrong. He didn't quite see how, since Darcy wanted it, but it must be so. I realized he was a broken and ill man, not capable of understanding his own culpability. I laid off more questioning; it just didn't matter any more. (210 words)
#1574 (1989-09-09)

We were going camping near a river. We decided to pitch tents at the bend so we can keep an eye on both the shallow part and the deeper, more rapid part at the same time. The small children will play in the shallows part and the teens in the deeper part. I see my tent and my towel is set up right on the sink. I brush my teeth. A married couple says I can sleep in their tent and the implication is that no one will have sex so I won't be embarrassed. (95 words)
#1581 (1989-09-20)

I see a parade. A long and large group of women are marching and they all are naked from the waist up. Lots of big boobs. Some have a towel around their neck that drapes down, partially covering themselves. I see them pass by and feel concern that they will get hassled. Sure enough, a group of men whistle and make lurid remarks, then I see the group marching back, in retreat. One man is leaning on the back of one woman like a dog fucking from behind. I am furious at them and him in particular. I feel sorry for the woman. The police are following the couple trying to pry the guy off the woman. They reform and start to march again. I come out onto the sidewalk and see a few men standing nearby. I stare at them angrily. One man says, "Uh! oh! Here's a feminist." I don't respond to him, but belligerently glare. Another man approaches a man in a wheelchair and starts to make inane stereotyped remarks. I turn to him and say, "First sexism and now handicapism. Be careful, you are making a fool of yourself in public." (195 words)
#1582 (1989-09-21)

I am trying to counsel a series of people who are deaf. One man won't look at me so I can lecture or counsel him. So I write on a paper, "Damn prig." He is shocked and then reads my lips. I am pretty good at helping them. Now I'm in the back seat of my car. A woman wants to get in. She can't decide if it should be the front or back seat. I hope she doesn't taker the driver's seat, but she does. Then I see an opportunity and take over. Then three women want a ride home and I ask them where they live because if its too far, I won't do it. They give their addresses and I nod, OK, even though one is pretty far away. (132 words)
#1583 (1989-09-21)

I'm in my power chair, but the left side is gone and it needs fixing. I go to this industrial building to find a genius engineer to revamp my chair so its like a manual but fast and powerful. I can't get through a barrier so I move two bikes out of the way. They keep sliding down from the wall and I get frustrated putting them back up. I go in and see a group of men, one in a huge chair. The rest are standing. I pass up the chair guy and ask for Jim Short, the engineer. The man is not helpful, but finally agrees to show me where he is. I had to convince him I knew what I was talking about. He gets into a cart with toys in it and we go down a tunnel that is cement and dark. He goes slow and I say in exasperation, "I can go faster than this." (160 words)
#1584 (1989-09-21)

I'm in a car feeding french fries to three children, feeling selfish because I ate them first. The driver says, "75 cents for a cup of coffee! Oh, well, my mother wanted me out of the house for a while, you know how it is." I nod and then she is a woman that looks like Patricia and I think, "No wonder you (Lydia) don't like her." We come to a house and see a child bathing in water coming out of a broken pipe. "Oh look," says Patricia, pleased. "Yeah," I say, but that means it's not fixed yet. (100 words)
#1585 (1989-09-25)

I am a teen and I've been invited to sit at the head table with the rich and intelligent ones. I am honored. They ask me if I think classical or rock music is better. I say definitely classical. An old man is dying. At first they won't let me into see him because I'm so young, but my sensible attitude and emotional strength are seen and I am permitted. I hug him, weeping. We say goodbye. I go on and become an intellectual genius having taken "ap" classes in high school and learning in a single-minded fashion. [BL] (98 words)
#1586 (1989-09-30)

It's a kissing contest. The guys are lined up. I decide to get in the women's line, the only one in a wheelchair. There is some surprise and a little jeering. I come up to the first guy in line, William Shatner. He sticks out his hand and I shake it. I say, "This is a kissing contest!" So I start to kiss him and he turns his cheek. I feel hurt. I go to the next guy. He kisses me honestly and sweetly. I am a good kisser and he sighs and says, "Wow." William Shatner realizes he's missed something good and wants to kiss me now. I am very angry and yell at him and hit him, "What a jerk. You thought I was just an uninteresting cripple and go to the next one." It's a package and I try to unwrap it. I have trouble cutting the strings, but finally open it and see a folded up yellow shirt. I look for a face where the head of a man should be. I lift up the collar and see an identical shirt and laugh. Then I see a name card behind that, "Robin Williams." I say I'd like to kiss him! I go to the next one, Burt Lancaster. He is eloquent and classy. He picks me up and with each long kiss he puts me in a Fred Astaire dip. Everyone oohs and ahhhs and applauds. I love it. I'm such a good kisser, he doesn't want to stop. I go on to others. I vote Burt the best male kisser. They vote me the best female kisser. (272 words)
#1588 (1989-10-01)

I have a wealthy, large house and I'm walking through it noticing all the luxurious niceties. I go down a long flight of stairs and look out back. I see a camp structure, an overhang roof on ropes and love it. It is special, North American Indian and from the past. I prefer to spend my time there than in the house. I call Howard' s attention to it. Later, I am the boss woman in the strawberry fields, overseeing my workers. I go back through the house, now noticing it looks ill kept and ordinary on the outside and glad of it because no one will rob it then. I notice the back porch and that special camp place are really nice looking and I can't wait to get there. (131 words)
#1589 (1989-10-03)

I am in love with an Indian whose name is Orange. It's a special and warm relationship. I also am very attracted to this white guy that's like an actor in "Crossing Delancy." The two of them walk off together and I worry they will fight and I will lose them both. When they come back, I see they have exchanged hats and I am so happy. It means they have reached an understanding and both still love me. (79 words)
#1590 (1989-10-03)

I'm on a rock cliff and there's a dark storm going on. An earthquake happens. Now I'm in the water and swim away from the cliff because of the falling rock. The water is dark, cold and has very high swells. As I get out deeper, I see a shark fin, and become afraid of deep sea monsters. I'm stuck now. There are monsters to the left of me, falling rocks to the right. I go back toward shallow waters. Then the quake stops and I get back on land. My mother calls over from the apartments across the rocky ridge. She wants to go on the beach and wants to know if it's safe. I look out and see the tide's out and people are playing on the sand. I prefer being on the dry sand; it seems safer than the rock or the water. So I say, "Let's go." We go out to find things. I find two ink pens. I notice the tide is coming back in and warn Ellie. I see three books in a hole in the sand. I try to pick them up but the tide comes in and I get knocked down and all wet. I say, "Oh, no. I got wet and cold for nothing!" I go toward shore. There are little cubicles that people live in. Their beds and things are all stacked up in there. (235 words)
#1591 (1989-10-03)

I find chocolate flavored toothpaste. I laugh and decide to buy it. Then a man offers me a set of books that will help me write better. One is a classic, some good kids' books and a small miniature Holy Bible. I think, "I've already got one," but I decide to buy the set. I feel they will help me. (60 words)
#1592 (1989-10-04)

I am sitting, fully clothed, on a toilet in a waiting room area. I don't have to go to the bathroom, but I feel safer or better there. Twice the saleslady peeks in and asks if I'd rather come out where it's more comfortable. I say, "I'd rather stay here," and then I realize maybe someone else might need the bathroom so I get up and go out. There are two couches and I pick up my mail. There are lovely surprises there: boxes of samples and things I'd sent for. I start to sit on a couch (I think I'm waiting for my van to be fixed), but the sales lady's papers are there so I apologize and start for the other couch. She apologizes and says, "No. Please sit there." So I do. I tell her I was sick in the night, but then I got better. (149 words)
#1594 (1989-10-05)

I am standing on a small piece of land. There is a huge body of water to my left and in front of me. A single tree stands to my right. Someone says, "Here's the forest." I laugh and say, "Some forest!" There is one tree left. All the rest have been chopped down. I see two people seated under the water. I wonder how they can breathe. One rises up and starts approaching me. I get scared because this is a "siren," a spirit that wants to lure me away. She starts to bite on my ankle. I move so that she ends up biting the base of the ancient tree. If I'd let her bite me, I'd have been a goner. She hovers near and keeps trying. I must focus my energies on keeping away from her. I see a single line of ancient trees stretched out in front of me (in single file), the last remains of a huge and lush forest. The land is totally barren. I must walk across the cut branches (stumps) to get to safety. The water roils and seems threatening. [BL] (188 words)
#1595 (1989-10-05)

I am in a long hall and reach a door. A male siren spirit in a white tuxedo or formal dinner jacket approaches me. I'm backed up to the door and can't get it open. He's coming closer and I'm afraid, maybe he'll kill me. Maybe there will be pain, but as his transparent body floats into mine, I become aware of love and passion and don't want to leave. I can't feel him physically but I feel his emotions. They are intense and I am so hungry for those good feelings, I don't attempt to escape. (97 words)
#1596 (1989-10-08)

I'm in an acting class. One woman doesn't like me. I am trying to make some very colorful posters with pictures and ribbon. The top border ribbon is red and says "Mexico" on it. It looks plain and unfinished and I keep trying to make it change. Finally it is pretty. I get up on a ladder or some boxes that are off balance and I try to tie the poster to some nails. I have trouble. I use thumb tacks and have several in my mouth. Finally I get four or so of them up. The woman is angry at me because I succeeded and she didn't. (108 words)
#1597 (1989-10-08)

I'm in a river raft in the back. A man is in the front. I tell him I can't swim. He says, "Hang on." We hit the rapids. The raft is tipping up and I throw myself onto the man to put more weight in the front. It works and I'm pleased with myself for quick thinking. I also like being there in a semi-embrace with him. We come through a tunnel of white water and are safe. [BL] (78 words)
#1598 (1989-10-08)

I am now returning to the acting class. I go too far down the hall to a room where ritzy, well-dressed people are. I back track and find the room. The woman teacher is there and I ask her if she would mind if I could be an assistant director. She says, "How will this help?" I start counting on my fingers how it would help. "First, for me," I say and I pause and repeat it because it felt selfish to say for me first. But I decide it is proper and I say, "For me, I would gain skills and experience. For you, after I learn blocking, I could run some of the rehearsals and you could have time off." "I'll have to ask the class," she says. I agree and point out one woman will say no. She doesn't like me. So I tell the class how I've married this Protestant. They ask if my father is angry. I say, "No because I divorced my Catholic family." Then a woman sadly says, "At first, he won't read your letters and then later, when he dies, he'll speak of you in his last words." She cries. "It was like that with her dad," someone says. "But your sister will be angry and hurt." I agree it was like that with my father. They vote me in, all except the one woman. [BL] (233 words)
#1599 (1989-10-09)

I see Aunt Bridget, who tells me she has cancer. Then she runs for the ladies' room and throws up (from chemo). I realize she's mostly naked and I take her clothes so that at least she won't be embarrassed. There is throw-up all over the floor. I carefully walk through it, trying not to step in any. I feel empathy for Bridget and disgust at the throw-up. (68 words)
#1600 (1989-10-10)

It's 1:30 am and I let some talented piano players play a grand piano at my parents' house. I shush him because he's too loud and might wake up my parents. They do wake up but aren't too upset. The piano player asks, "What happened to his computer? Is he poor?" I explain they used to be poor, but are doing much better now. I go and ask him what happened to his computer. He says, "It's being fixed and will be returned." (83 words)
#1601 (1989-10-10)

It is Willie's funeral and I am coming in. As I get to the door, I am standing with a guy who looks like Nat Ivy of LLG and like Willie. He's cute to look at, but he keeps embarrassing me with his outrageous comments. He looks in at the gathered people through the glass windows. He says, "Look at those niggers." I am scandalized and shush him. He points to the black people in the back row. He and I walk in. I'm kind of cuddled up to him and following where he goes. He goes to the front of the room and dances in a closet with skeleton/Star War troopers. It's kind of kinky, sexy. I am embarrassed. He gets out and we walk around to the back of the room. We watch an instant review of a video where this blonde guy comes in and realizes Willie is dead and he yells and sobs, "No! No! It isn't possible!" He's embarrassed he was caught off guard. I see my cousin Dora seated facing us, people around her. I want to join her but can't because this is Willie's funeral and yet I am with an alive Willie. We sit down on a side bench and play silly "lover" games with our hands, like we can't touch each other and then accidentally touch and hold hands and then break away, giggling. We repeat that over and over. (239 words)
#1603 (1989-10-11)

I am hiding from something (maybe war) and I spend lots of months in a cellar of a woman's house. It's cold and damp and empty, but I'm alive. I come out when its safer. I see the woman of the house who shows me the special rooms she had prepared to hide me, with beds and doilies and lots of pretty things. I see a blue cup with the picture of a cat on the inside and I'm holding my cat under my arm who sticks her nose into the cup to see it better. I say, "How pretty it is," hoping she'll give it to me, but she doesn't. I walk up a flight of stairs and look out the window (see drawing). I come back down and the woman apologizes for my dreadful stay in her cellar. I say, "Hey! At least I'm alive. I thank you for my life." I am grateful to her even though I couldn't reach the nice place in time. (168 words)
#1604 (1989-10-12)

I am seated on a ledge on a cliff. A crackling fire is burning. I stare into the flames. Then I hear a noise and stand to peer out into the darkness. I see my two black feet on the ledge from the perspective of a critter sneaking up on me. (51 words)
#1605 (1989-10-12)

I want to clean up things in this storage area. I'm painting a sort of closet/box. Someone comes by to help. They start painting the outside wall green. "No," I say, "Not there. On the front inside panel." (It looks like the enclosure around my heat pump.) Then there's a wall toilet, long and narrow like in some public restrooms, the kind you can't figure out how to sit. The woman says, "I think I'll flush it before I clean it." I say, "Go ahead but no one's used it." I look in to see urine and four used, but not bloody, sanitary napkins. I'm embarrassed she saw that. I blame Ellie. (112 words)
#1606 (1989-10-12)

I'm in my apartment which was made out of a school building. People stroll in and out. I see three men at the far end writing on a blackboard. I walk over to them and say, "I know it doesn't look like it, but you are in my home." He holds up the chalk eraser. I say, "I know, pretty unusual in a home, but its true." I walk them out, only to discover a classroom full of people. I realize the landlord has allowed them to share my entryway. So I suggest to the teacher that we share costs for a barrier partition. Then I see a man at the other end and I go to him and say, "What do you think you are doing? This is a home." He's seated on my couch with another woman; they are talking. He says to her, "How about coming over to my place?" meaning sex. She sighs and apologizes for being sympathetic, and thereby misleading him. She says, "Girls are like that." I say to him, "There's the front door." I'm disgusted with him. I look out on the porch and see Jake playing the piano, so I feel a little safer. (202 words)
#1608 (1989-10-16)

I see long rows of tree-like sticks that are my body cells in enlarged form (see drawing). As I pass by the front of the lines, I see lots of dusty debris cluttering up the back portion of the cells like giant lint or dust balls. Now I am looking under a house. I see a talis slope of rocks and a small shelf way up under the beams (see drawing). I see like a zoom lens and I'm coming closer to a corner under the eves. A red and white thing is all messed up in a heap there and I feel terror. I think, "I don't want to see." It's like my childhood memories and it will scare me or be too ugly to look at. But as I come closer, it changes into a sweet kitty and it sits there looking at me. I feel better now. The place is dusty and cold and long forgotten, except for that cute kitty. (164 words)
#1610 (1989-10-17)

A good-looking man likes me. I decide it's time to do my cleansing ritual. He suggests I do it in the fireplace in the living room with the 25 people seated at the tables watching. I laugh and say, "No way. The space is too small and all those people watching." I imagine they would all politely clap their hands after I accomplished my task, saying in cool, clipped accents, "That's nice B." The guy and I laugh at the silliness of their British audience routine. I say, "I'll do it in the swimming pool." Hasani says, "It's too cold." I say, "I only have to do it for three minutes. Maybe you could run some hot water into the corner I'll be in." She agrees. The man looks at my black swim suit-encased figure admiringly. [BL] (136 words)
#1611 (1989-10-18)

I'm applying for a teaching job. I push a button outside the music room and a taped lecture comes on. I am embarrassed because I don't know how to turn it off and it's loud. I see a digital clock counting the minutes and seconds it will continue. I walk out of the building because there isn't anything else to do. I walk to a mental hospital for war-injured men. I go in and I'm dressed in a suit and heels and look pretty. The men whistle and tease. I look for the head nurse. She's nowhere around. The kitchen is unstaffed. I go talk to the men in their beds. One shares with me a box of papers, their secret plans. I am trusted by some. I need to protect them from the bad head nurse who is dressed in white and is cold to them. I have an argument with her about how the men need normal stuff around them. I am angry at her and run after her and hit her with the right cross fist. We roll on the ground and I'm slapping her tiny-sized head back and forth. Someone is worried I'll kill her, but I let her go, to leave forever. She refuses to change, so I make her leave. (216 words)
#1612 (1989-10-19)

I'm on a boat with Ellie and it goes into a cave. The current pulls us deeper and deeper into the darkness. It's scary. We are literally "going to hell." We enter a huge cavern with fluorescent phosphorous lighting. There are bats in there. They flutter near our heads. Around the corner is the center of the earth. We hope we'll go through and go out the other side to daylight and fresh air. The only other choice is to paddle hard against the current. (85 words)
#1613 (1989-10-19)

We're on a new highway interchange on the way to M City. We see snow and ski chair lifts as we get to the top of the mountain. I am seated backwards in a chair lift as we come to the top and over. I look down and feel dizzy from the incredible heights. I cling to my chair and try not to look. Suddenly we are at the coast. The whole valley got cut out. We can still take the old highway to get to M City. (88 words)
#1614 (1989-10-22)

I am leaving Ginny's to go home, but have to stop off at a hospital because I'd made an appointment with a woman administrator to look at my books (children's books), but I can't remember for sure the time (3:30 or 6:30) and then I can't remember her name. We get there and ask and go to an auditorium where a speaker is talking to a full house. Charla is handed person to person because they think she is so cute. I cry out, "Give me back my baby!" I am upset and worried they'll keep her. The crowd is frowning at me. I'm being silly and hysterical. I ask a man what group this is and he finally understands my question and says, "Illustrators." Then the speaker says, "We ran over three minutes, so you'd better get back to work!" I was amazed they had such strict "factory" like rules about how they work. I go to wait in a coffee shop. Ellie, Ginny and Charla are with me. I lecture Charla on being careful about strangers. I dig through my packs to find my flyers and can't find them, but see a skirt I was going to change into to look more professional. I haven't time now. I feel scattered and frustrated. (214 words)
#1615 (1989-10-23)

I'm called into the community college "Board Room" to explain some financial decisions I made when I was working at Disability Student Services. I'm nervous and can't imagine what I may have done wrong. I walk in. People are surprised at how improved I am. They have a space without a chair ready for me at the round table. I pull up a chair and sit. A bright spotlight kind of light is shining in my eyes. I see people, women, setting things up. They bring boxes of things. I realize it's going to be an award to honor me. They say, "Bring them in," and I watch as young girls, disabled women and Indian women come in to observe. They nod respectfully at me. I am their sole role model. A male teacher comes in and wants to have his lunch as he usually does in this room. He's annoyed and complains we've taken away his privileges. I suggest he use the teacher's lounge at the other end of the building. He is not happy. He's going to ruin my awards program. (183 words)
#1616 (1989-10-26)

Bonnie and I are at a store/restaurant and she orders lots of different food. It comes time to pay the bill. She's had a few glasses of wine and now orders a cute little puppy to take home. We go to the counter to pay and to pick up the puppy. Bonnie is upset that her part of the bill is so much more than mine; she hasn't realized it's because she ate much more than me. I feel angry and guilty so I offer to pay the tip and pull out $3.19 and put it on the table. The sales woman goes to the back room and brings the leftover food orders and a cute puppy. I see a basket of sweet puppies in the back room. I ask to buy a cat. She brings me a black cat and I hold it, pleased. Then she says, "But you wanted a white cat." I feel upset because I like the black cat, but I'm willing to change my mind. I follow her into the back room and she hands me a tiny white toy like those clip-on animals. It's stiff. It had been clipped on a pole with thousands of others crammed together. I am disgusted and say, "I wanted a real cat." It opens its enormous black eyes and I realize the poor thing is alive. I feel sad for it and angry at the woman for the dreadful living condition she forces on these little creatures. I refuse to buy anything from her to teach her a lesson. (261 words)
#1617 (1989-10-27)

I am feeling unwell and these men are ruthlessly teasing me. They say I'm no fun, sexually rigid, etc. I try to get away from them. I run upstairs and see two groups of them coming from both ends of the hall. I'm stuck in the middle. He makes me dance with him, pulling me roughly around. I am angry. [BL] (60 words)
#1618 (1989-10-27)

A man wants to make love with me and is flirting. I am haughty and annoyed. He pulls me to him and I suddenly realize I want to make love. I then tell him to meet me at the barn. I go there and wait in the hay loft. He shows up hours later with his guy friends to make fun of me. I hide under hay and behind a pole in a small square hole with hay bales around me. He nearly steps on me and then leaves. I go to the river and swim, naked and sensuous as he watches enviously. (103 words)
#1619 (1989-10-28)

I am young and kissing my beau. He wants more and I sense it. I say, "Do you want more of this?" He says yes. I say, "I have to go to the bathroom and think about it. Really." So I go into a bathroom and sit on a toilet and pee, and then I walk out to him and hug him, kissing him passionately and say, "Yes." He is so happy and we walk arm in arm, really connected and in love. We pass Jake and Valerie all dressed up and walking together, Jake's arm around Valerie. We are at the Hilton. I smile at them, but they don't respond. I say to my guy, "Maybe she didn't recognize me because I'm standing." She then comes back and says, "Hi." We all walk together. Jake and my guy used to work together and Jake has made it big. He gives my guy 90 (0?) percentage, which pleases him. We walk out past a display in a museum where we see Basaltic rock columns rising and falling. The narrative tells us that that's where the Killer Bees live and thank God, they are disappearing so there's less bees. I see two naked men tortured by being covered with these bees. One man opens his mouth at their command to let them in and out. He is in extreme pain. It is horrible. The bees stored honey in his nipple. I feel sick and walk away. [BL] (245 words)
#1620 (1989-11-13)

I am directing my own play. I see two male twins, dark hair, moustaches. I think it would be fun to write them in and then the play is being performed and I'm in it, looking out at the audience. Then I'm in the audience, watching as Ellie and I are in front of the curtain. I'm on her shoulders and she loses her line and we both fuddle around. I fall down. "I" in the audience notices we look very much alike, plump, etc. I crawl and then get up and run off stage, amazed I could do it myself and get ahead of Ellie. Now I'm on stage again and bowing. I see people putting a table and chairs for the awards dinner. I go down and sit next to this old guy. He says he was miserable, but I inspired him. I sigh, "I suppose you mean my disability." He says yes. I am not pleased. It spoils my award dinner and I regret having sat next to him. Ellie is several chairs over to my right. (180 words)
#1624 (1989-12-07)

A man (like Nate) rubs a thick cream on my right thigh. As it soaks in, I am nearly overcome with sexual desire, but I fight it valiantly. I must not give in. A young girl walks toward us innocently. I yell at her, "Run, run and get Father. If only I can resist until Father comes to save me." The man grins and waits for me. [BL] (67 words)
#1625 (1989-12-09)

I am blind and discover my family home has been destroyed and I break into frenzied tears. I sob and my mother is quite surprised at me. I didn't cry when I went blind and now I'm mad with grief over this. I say, "A house where we all lived together will never be again, and I was going to get married in my father's physics lab." (67 words)
#1626 (1989-12-09)

My father and I have a mountain "luety" (can't decipher my own handwriting in book) of mined-out gold in it and I must learn physics to get it out. I go to a bar where the class is held and I'm very annoyed because he's going slow for the others and I have lots to learn quickly and haven't time to waste. I learn much quicker than they do. (manr? man?) (see book) (73 words)
#1627 (1989-12-10)

I sell my house and buy another one I think I'll like better, but as I walk around in it, I discover holes, rotten floor boards. It's falling apart. It's smaller. I find a small storage room that I see a long drop to a rock base under the rickety floor board. I see a skull with a hatchet in it. I then compare bills with the previous owner. She owes me $40 and I owe her $40 and more. I can't remember. (83 words)
#1628 (1989-12-10)

I am on stage. I have a special guitar for my arthritic fingers and I tease the audience about how I can't play and then I wow them with a great song. Ellie comes on stage and sits facing me at my left. Charla dances on stage and she and I do this little imitative dance of each other's movements. The audience loves us and applauds wildly. I say, "And this is my granddaughter." They applaud again. We go off stage. I can still see the audience through a tall door that was opened so the kids can see. (99 words)
#1629 (1989-12-11)

I am at the old M City house, sitting on the front yard, near the bad corner so close to the road I nearly get run over. I see Darryl coming up to the door and I follow him, asking, "Why did you leave me?" He can't answer. We go inside and I see all the furniture is different. The piano's in the dining room and the fireplace is on the wrong wall. I see my parents, who smile at me. I walk through the dining room and see the "pool room" now transformed into a sweet, pretty sitting room, frilly curtains, china, another fireplace. The kitchen is different too. I look into the stairwell and then return to the living room. Charla follows me. I see Darryl seated in an overstuffed chair and I sit on his lap and Charla joins us. Darryl starts to explain how he tried to come back for me. I feel pulled in two directions: toward Charla (the present or the future) and toward Darryl (the past). (173 words)
#1630 (1989-12-12)

Someone is hitting golf balls into a high wind over a cliff. They don't get far! One person managed to hit one a good distance and we line up golfers to measure how many golfers' length it went. Then someone cheats and moves the ball so we can't be accurate. (50 words)
#1631 (1989-12-12)

A baseball game is in progress. I'm in the stands watching. A guy has a box of balls, one has a pumpkin in it that weights it so he can cheat. He's very careful to protect it so no one will know. Then he decides to nonchalantly bounce it around (looks like a small basketball), but he drops it in a pile of other balls and a boy grabs it and runs off. I say, "It was the redhead. I'll watch for him." Now Paul Newman is going up to bat. I stand directly behind him so close our bodies are touching and I copy all his moves. "I'm playing baseball too," I say. He grins at me. Later, he's seated in the stands and I cuddle and I kiss with him. I touch his lips and say, "Only my lipstick." He teases me by pretending he might kiss someone else and I possessively grab him and kiss him long and sweet to keep him to me. He's aroused and we lie down. I am stroking his very hairy arm which is down by his waist so that it's almost like his penis, only furry from the amount of arm hairs. He does have a hard one and I feel good because I "have" him. (215 words)
#1632 (1989-12-13)

I am walking down the corridor of a hospital and see a new born baby in his bassinet in the hall. The mother is upset and the baby is crying. I go to the baby and caress his head and send "loving" vibes to it. It calms down and sleeps. The nurses are very impressed with my ability and ask me to help out with the preemie's who may die if not nurtured. I go to the nursery and am handed a tiny baby that fits into my hands, so unformed, it's face doesn't have skin yet, just muscle and red. I lay it on my left arm and cuddle it. I concentrate all my loving energies toward it. Now the baby looks like a baby. I go to a sink and put water on my arms as that is better for the baby. I feel a need to pee, but can't leave the baby even for a moment. A nurse suggests she get me a bed pan. I try to feed the baby and suddenly it starts sucking at the thin drops of "mother's milk" I offered on a tiny tube/stick. At first I'm concerned she will choke, but she really is eating and swallowing, gaining strength. I am pleased and in awe. She's gaining weight. She is surviving! [BL] (220 words)
#1633 (1989-12-19)

I am told to write the story of a 3-year-old girl who spent the "war years" in a hidden room, rather comfortably furnished with left over chairs and drapes. Someone says they had remembered it was all cream-colored. I muttered, "So much for accurate memory." She and her mother had been in that room hiding during the Nazi years. So I started writing the story on leftover paper, writing in the patches between other words. Millie comes over and starts to read it. I ask to see hers. She says, "No. It's not very good. Not like yours. Look at your first sentence. It's so clear, and you spent last night with those Indians, too." She meant I'd been busy babysitting some active boys and didn't have time to work on the story. (133 words)
#1634 (1989-12-19)

Second dream: I'm on a bus. We are musicians in a band going to our next gig. I am playing my banjo and the others are listening. The music is quite beautiful. I start to put words to the song and come up with, "Pretty boys, pretty boys" and then the slow soft melody builds to a crescendo and the words "anger, anger, anger." The boys in the bus lose interest. It had looked to be very special and beautiful song and then I had ruined it by "trivializing" the beautiful music. The bus is slowing down and I put the banjo in its case, picking up lots of finger picks that had fallen out on the floor. (118 words)
#1635 (1989-12-19)

Third dream: I am standing on a sidewalk and a beautiful Indian man stands at my left. He's a dancer and the music is calling him. He starts to dance away and turns, smiling to invite me to dance with him. He'll teach me how to dance. As we are walking, the scene changes and we are walking into a cathedral. I think to myself, "How odd. Why am I dreaming a catholic church?" Then I notice it's a Mexican Mission. We are drawn in as a part of the crowd. We go upstairs and move to seats very close to another Indian man who is preparing his instrument. I am equally attracted to him and go closer. He has a guitar with a printer in it. Other objects are attached to it to make unusual music. I say to my friend, "Look, He has a large mosquito tied to a string." It hums and he amplifies it when it's appropriate. Unique instruments. Later, my dancing friend and I are in a car. He's in the driver's seat and we're about to drive away. (I'm in the passenger seat.) I look out the window and see a two-story house with windows that roll down like car windows and most of them are open. I see two huge bears (grizzlies) starting to get out the windows. I tell my Indian man and he gets out to stop them. I see the two bears followed by a dog running away. In the sky are a helicopter and several planes. I begin to cry, left all alone in the car. I keen and lament, "I've lost everything I've ever loved." My two beautiful Indian men are gone. I weep uncontrollably. [BL] (287 words)
#1638 (1990-01-11)

A naked man walking with a white horse follows us, spying. He is hidden in the grasses and I see his eyes peeking out. When he gets close, I realize he's a friend. Then he starts having a heart attack and I hug him as he's lying in my arms. I try to encourage him to stay, but he's dying. He says, "Tell Susan." His name is Charlie and I keep saying "Charlie, Charlie." (74 words)
#1639 (1990-01-11)

A man is gardening in a special gardening room. I join him. The rows are racked and I'm standing at the top looking down at him. The scruffy down and out kids come and he's eager to play with them again, to help them out of their shells of mistrust. They don't respond when he tries to get them to laugh. I grab one and tickle her on the shoulder. She finds this very funny and we roll around laughing, her laugh so beautiful and child-like its catchy. Soon we're all doing it. Someone asks me what's my favorite word and I say, "laughter." (104 words)
#1641 (1990-01-13)

I am at a big social where crowds of people are milling around getting acquainted. I feel shy and look at all the people as they swirl around me. A man, stocky build like a strong teddy bear, asks me to please be kind and dance with him so he won't have to continue this torture, of being alone and looking. I agree and we dance and dance around and around. He is comfortable, fun and kind. I enjoy his company and vice versa. As we whirl, he says, "Look at the face on that woman," and then turns us so I can enjoy what he saw. We are very much attuned to each other. Finally, I say, "I have to stop. I have arthritis and need to take some aspirin soon or I'll be hurting badly." He is concerned and helpful. (142 words)
#1642 (1990-01-15)

Howard is visiting and sleeping in Ellie's room. I am moving photographic enlarger equipment around. He gets up and, out of politeness, I ask what he'd like for breakfast, feeling annoyed that I'm the only one around and have to do it. I list pancakes, eggs, toast, and he smiles and says, "Thank you." "All of the above, eh?" I say and sigh. I go to the kitchen and am cooking waffles and so on. Karen and her son are there also and talking to me. Howard is trying to hold my hand and talk to me also. I'm having a hard time trying to listen to all of them. I don't like the fact that he's holding my hand, but I allow it. He's upset because he wants all my attention and he wishes Karen and son would go away. I am touched by his tenderness and also uncomfortable. (150 words)
#1643 (1990-01-15)

I am traveling hundreds of miles toward central (state) (or Calif.). I am on a small elephant! The freeway has become a hay field and we are walking through the mown hay in the hot summer sun. My elephant stops to get a drink and fills his trunk up with cold water and sprays it back over himself for a cooling bath. "Oh, no," I groan and try to avoid a bath. I help rub the water over his skin. (80 words)
#1644 (1990-01-15)

I go to a woman's house with a pair of pants/shorts for my 36-month-old boy I have in her daycare center. Someone says, "You know you're here when you see the spectacular view," and I turn and see beautiful waterfalls that crash and splash back up the mountain. Then the woman says, "Look out! Here comes the god in the waterfall," and I see a man-shaped waterfall flying around in the air. Everyone is respectful of the power energy and unpredictable nature of this god. I'm now sitting in the back seat of a car with the woman. The god of the waterfall comes to my window and likes me. He's like a man at the moment - full lips, a little plump and sensual. He asks me for a kiss. I agree if he'll exchange one wish for one kiss. He agrees and then floats into the car and we kiss. I kiss very well. He loves it. He's not the best kisser, kind of limp and open-mouthed, but I feel strong tenderness and warmth that I like. Then I try to decide what to wish for. I think about health and happiness and then decide to wish for creativity, the words I need to really write excellent work. He agrees to grant my wish. (216 words)
#1646 (1990-01-16)

I'm in a sort of huge warehouse and I see a movement. I call out. I want to meet that guy that's been in my dreams lately. I walk to where a hall is and see spare doors lined up and I think the guy is behind one of the doors, hiding. I walk in there, feeling scared. What if he's really a hurtful or scary thing? But I keep going because I really want to meet him. I get up on a box and crawl over a few things and then I see him. He's shy and so am I. (101 words)
#1647 (1990-01-17)

I decide to take a relaxing bath. Nothing goes right. I put my robe on a chair and suddenly the chair has moved across the room. The water is an ugly glacier green color. The bath water is nearly overflowing. The sink falls off the wall. I'm amazed no water is springing out of the unhooked pipes! I go out into the hall to a helpful guy that likes me and I say, "Oh, quick!" He sees my face and is panicked. I quickly say, "The sink fell off the wall," so he'll relax. (94 words)
#1648 (1990-01-17)

Now I'm being a guest DJ in KLAC in E City and nothing goes right! The record player won't work, the tapes are missing, things fall off or are lost. I'm talking and explaining all the while so there will not be any "dead air space." I tell them how I was at Dover at a Mobility International conference and had ghosts in my bath, ghosts taking MY bath! I couldn't say the word "bath" correctly. It was more like Napt. Charla comes in and loudly talks. I try to shush her. (92 words)
#1650 (1990-01-22)

I'm in bed and Bob B gets into bed with me. He wants to make love. I feel uncertain and feel that I shouldn't because he is Howard's brother and he's married, but I feel sexual and willing to make love to him. I kiss him and we make love. He's not very good. He can't seem to get his penis in good and is a little embarrassed. We roll around and I'm on top and I feel an orgasm, it's too early, but, oh well. (86 words)
#1652 (1990-01-23)

Charlton Heston and his son are captured. So am I. We are put in a zoo. We are in a pool swimming back and forth like the polar bears. I understand how the bears feel, bored, angry, hopeless. Then we escape and run through the forests. The bad guy that wants us dead owns a shop and we go in and look at the merchandize - black boxes, shiny enamel, huge puppet dolls, tiny miniatures. I'm interested in the minis. He's telling people he'll sell the big things at a discount, so he'll have room for more things. We realize he's after us and escape as we go up a hill. We see he has cannons bombing the village we left. People are dying because he's trying to kill us. We go to another village and steal a small child's chair and go under a table to hide. A woman is already there and is angry at us. She insists we leave. We do and now are in the tree tops swinging from one branch to another! He'll never find us, but we'll be on the run and alone forever. Charlton hands me a life saver. I say, "Do I have bad breath?" He says yes. A woman says, "He didn't think it would be so easy to tell you." Then she tells me to take a bath. "I really stink?" I ask. She says, "Yes. Terribly. I'd be inundated with waves of the smell, especially the hope, waves of hope. Disgusting." (252 words)
#1653 (1990-01-24)

I open the front door and there is Arvonne, drunk, saying goodnight to some guy. I am surprised because she doesn't live here anymore and she's forgotten that. She goes into the bathroom and washes her face and then goes and falls into her old room, in bed with Charla. I go peek in and see Charla's still asleep, I'm worried Arvonne will be upset at the mess in Charla's room and then worried Arvonne will be angry if Charla wakes up and is noisy. Then I'm worried Ellie will be angry when she hears Arvonne is here and I don't want her here, but feel timid about doing anything. I tell Ellie and she's pissed. I try to smooth it all out. (123 words)
#1654 (1990-01-24)

I'm having a few friends over - my father, Arvonne, some others. We might run out of chairs. I suggest we move the white couch stored in the hall into the living room so three more can sit. My father and Arvonne, but do it. I go to the dining table to help set up a game and get involved in struggling with the pieces, getting them set up right. Someone comes into the kitchen to get the food stuff out and complain to me. (85 words)
#1655 (1990-01-26)

Ellie and I are going to church. We sit down and then I see my Grandma Mildred, I get up to go sit with her, hoping Ellie will understand and won't be hurt. Grandma goes upstairs to the balcony where the women's guild is selling food. I help them. We look over the balcony rail to see the preacher giving his sermon. After church, there's a Bible study group and we are there. I feel sleepy and lean back to nap. Grandma does too and then she gets up on the back of the curved couch to lay down, like a cat would, her feet hit the face of a man in the group, she scoots over to my side. I smile to see her like that. Then I say, "It's after 2:00, can we leave pretty soon?" She agrees and I start packing up my supplies, disks, pencils, papers, to take with me. I leave six pencils that might have been the church's property, hoping I don't take their stuff with mine. We drive off. [BL] (176 words)
#1656 (1990-01-27)

I get into my special car, a sports model, red and sleek, convertible. It only needs a 1/4 of a gallon to go hundreds of miles! It practically drives itself. I suspect aliens gave it to me and am a little suspicious of what I'll have to "pay" for its use. I pick up Ginny, Ernie and their two boys. Bonnie will meet us there. I touch the door handle and it opens, the key turns and starts the car. I have mirrors all over the windshield so I can see everything clearly and the car drives itself when I'm not concentrating on the road. We get to the support/training area. I have several grocery sacks of things which I put under a table. I tell myself to remember to grab them if we have to leave suddenly. I play a tiny banjo-like instrument and tease a cute little cat with it. (152 words)
#1657 (1990-01-28)

I'm asked to return to work because there's an increase in people getting AIDS and Josh and lots of the others have it and they need me to work half-time, but it feels more like full time! I agree, even though I don't want to, because I owe them. "They saved my life..." when I needed them. (57 words)
#1659 (1990-01-30)

I just bought an old run-down house in a poor neighborhood. I want to use it to showcase local talent. But I want the help of the neighbors to fix it up nice, so I invite them to come see two very talented little girls, one a one-year-old and the other 2 or 3 years old. They are shy, but when they get started dancing and singing, they are very good! The audience is in one of the rooms, no furniture, the wall paper is peeling. They really like the girls. (91 words)
#1660 (1990-01-30)

I'm in a small house waiting for the doctor's appointment time. A baby girl and I are seated on a couch. She's busy and mischievous. I sit on a plastic potty on the couch and pee, my pants are down and the door opens and the baby brings in this guy from the bank who gives me my new checks. I am embarrassed and pull my blouse down to cover the panties and the potty and pretend to be sitting there normally. He raises his eyebrows and stares. I smile and then after he's gone, I am angry at the baby for not knocking first. Then it's time to go and I pour the pee in a sink and search for my keys. I get out of the car to see I've picked up sacks of things I don't need and I don't have what I need, the keys. I'm annoyed at the baby. We'll have to go to the bigger house to get the keys unless I have a spare pair in my purse. I ask the baby girl to look. (182 words)
#1661 (1990-01-31)

I am running from some guy that's powerful and sexually interested in me. I hide and run through the trees, up dirt roads, and finally I abandon the car and run on foot. I go through a corn field, eating some corn. I'm tired and figure I've lost him so I lay down to sleep a few hours. A man comes to me and says, "You can rest for awhile but then you've got to leave because people are always hiding in here and my mother will run a combine through here at dawn and she will do it, so you'd better be out of here before then. She even knows which part of the field everyone usually uses! OK?" I agree. I rest and then get up and continue running. There are more houses now and I then see a sandy beach to a river. Across the river is modern buildings, a hospital. I see people putting on muslin sheet robes and going into the river to swim. I think about diving in, but someone says, "You have to brine first." It's a cleansing, healing river and the sheets have brine in them. You have to go to the hospital and get the sheets first. I see a man floating in there, both his hands bandaged. I continue on my journey. (222 words)
#1662 (1990-01-31)

A woman keeps getting alien babies. She brings them in one at a time and hands them to me. I look at their faces and try to find something to feed them. Two of them look alike and I call one "Doctor" and the other "Doctor," only I mean Philosophy. There are at least nine of them. The last one is quite large and she gives me some salad and hamburger to feed it with. I say, "Solid food, already?" I don't think that's a good idea. I spoon it in and he spits it out. I try corn, pork and beans, etc. Nothing works. I tell her we need some cereal or milk. I also tell her we need to give back some of these babies. I see an alien store and enter it to get the right food for the baby. She (now Jennifer H) gets hysterical and screams and cries. I yell at her, "Shut up!" She shuts up and is angry at me. A pause develops and I feel embarrassed and try to explain how we need to work with the aliens to help the baby. She calms down and then some people come by that want some of the babies and they take two of them wrapped up in one blanket. I am worried we should talk this over with Jennifer H first. (228 words)
#1663 (1990-02-02)

I'm telling this woman how to set up the name file, I think, We're in the Sheridan house and she's going to help me out with my secretarial duties. She prefers colored papers and I say I'll get some for her later, but first I show her this book. First she has to look up the name of the place, Vincent Hospital. I can't find it at first, but I keep looking and I find it. "Then," I say, "I look up my own name because I know I'm on the list. I see 'Sanders-29.' That tells me to turn to page 29. I do so and see 'Sanders-1-1-2'. That tells me where the list is." She agrees to do it. Now, we're in an old rickety house and this woman, a man, and my brother Dwight are going to help me build it up from the falling down, ugly condition. I point to a solid rock wall and the man says, "It will be easy to build a staircase in it." I say, "But for why? Where would it go?" He decides to build a fireplace. He's painting the kitchen in the "bar" room. He sees that we have a lot of kitchens. I say, "Well, we need them. This one, in the bar room will be used for the customers. The center one will be for family and the one outside for the cattle hired hands in the summer when we raise 100 head of cattle." The house is built into a mountain and under a huge cement bridge. The country is too rough to graze cattle. The house keeps improving. It's starting to look good and solid. (see drawing) (282 words)
#1664 (1990-02-02)

A long dream with Uncle Joel and Aunt Jillian. I meet my parents in a restaurant in Dover. It looks familiar. We've been there before. I'm in Joel and Jillian's house, lots of glassware. I then watch Joel on a river boat. He's chasing a young woman and then has an epileptic seizure. I watch his face and think, "I love to watch his face." It's a sweet face, but then he wants me to say we are together so people won't know of his affair with this woman and I say haughtily, "I'll read my diary, if he was there, it will be in my diary." I realize my diary and journal could be an embarrassment to me if people read it. I walk past a field of corn, touching the plants as I walk by. Then I'm near an empty field on a mowed down path and the sky is brown. The clouds are roiling around and I'm scared. That is the worst storm sky I've ever seen and I could get struck by lightning, out in the open like that. I keep walking fast, hoping to find safe cover in time or to somehow avoid the storm. (200 words)
#1665 (1990-02-03)

I'm in an old run-down house. The floor boards of my bedroom are rotted through and a hole is developing. I'm in bed near a stairwell. I realize some of the clothes on my floor have slid down into the hole. I wonder where my father is. He could fix the hole. I reach for the clothes and slide into the hole myself and fall under the house in a horrible pile of debris that is rotting away. I feel fear that I will rot with it. I fight my way back up into the house and walk down the hall asking where everyone is. Dwight is in his room, the furthest one away. My mother's in her room. I'm near the front door and a monster from hell comes at me. I am very afraid but stand my ground. I grab its tongue at its roots and pull, even though I know he'll bite me and it will be terribly painful. I poke his eye with a stick and drag him out of the house. He's unconscious and I crawl back to the house with a match. I light the carpet on the porch, wondering if I should go in first and get our possessions, but it is more important to torch it at once. I light it. The monster comes at me, but is consumed in the flames. I look to make sure all my family is safely out of the house. One is missing and then I see her - Dwight, Jake, my mother, my father, Charla and me. We walk down the road and I say, "Are we homeless? And we don't even have a car to live in." [BL] (283 words)
#1666 (1990-02-04)

A young man wants to go on a date with me and I am interested but still have the old fears, but I agree to go. I get into the little red car. I'm in the passenger seat. It's a tiny, foreign car. He drives right on the edge of the road which is a dropoff to a river. I peer over the edge and say how pretty it is, the water eddying like that, but get scared because he's driving so close to the edge. So I can see that we are in danger. I glare at him. Then he makes the car jump over a gap over the river, like the car is a horse. We are successful; then he does it again only we don't quite make it and the car hits the water right at the edge. We crawl out and he's embarrassed. I kneel down and sit beside him, amazed I can do that. He moves away from me, embarrassed. I wish to comfort him. Two men come over to get info on what happened. I call him Charlie/Howard (184 words)
#1667 (1990-02-04)

I insult my creative writing teacher by calling him Ron. He corrects me, his name is Rod. He leaves and I go outside to see huge boulders falling out of the sky. I run as best I can to the safety of the building, like a school. I go inside. These things are seed pods from outer space (aliens). They crash through windows and so on. (66 words)
#1668 (1990-02-04)

I go to writing class with a story and a play. The story is a rewrite of one I've already done, only with dream sequences in it. It's called "Lucky Girl." Dennis and a young woman are the other two students. The teacher is out. We're waiting for her to return to read my story. I am pleased at the way I contrast dream material and reality stuff. I say, "I'm good at that." (74 words)
#1669 (1990-02-06)

Bad guys upstairs in my house are killing everyone and I must hide! I'm in the basement. I crawl into a hidden hole, pulling the phone in with me. I call 911 and report them and then I wait. They come down the stairs and I wait, hoping the police get here before these guys find me. The police arrive and I'm safe, but desolate because my people are all dead. (71 words)
#1670 (1990-02-06)

Some guy brings in a box of groceries we supposedly ordered. I laugh and say, "Oh no. We ordered Rye Crackers, not Rye brand dog food. We don't even have a dog. But, I'll accept this steak and porkchop." A man comes out and says, "No, we didn't order that either." I say, "Yes we did. I heard you do it." "Not this steak," he says and gives it back. "Trust me," he says and I shrug, letting go of the meat. We go back into the house and the guy starts kissing me. I like him where I hadn't before. He's the cook and has a spray of potato juice on his face. [BL] (114 words)
#1672 (1990-02-09)

I'm looking for Melissa G (really Clare K). I go to her mother's house and look into the kitchen window. Her mom is doing dishes. She tells me to wait at a campground. I go there and see her mom driving her kitchen over to me. I'm quite impressed! It's a mobile unit that she unstrapped from the house. I get in, it's cute, wooden and we drive back to the house. I go in and see large windows. I look into the toy room and she says, "Go ahead, go on in." I go in and look around. I see ceramics she's made on the wall. Some have price tags and I think about buying some. I see a wood stove and a kiln. I say, "Oh is this a kiln where you nest the wet clay mold into the embers and cook it?" She says yes, then, through the windows I see Clare, red fluffy feathers. She's pretty and she's annoyed with me for being at her mom's. I explain, then I hear a small black-haired baby girl in pink crying. I pick her up and rock her, singing, "Sugar Baby" over and over. The mother of the baby is annoyed. I didn't ask permission and she sings a different song, "Sug--" a short version of Sugar. I match her song! Then I have to remember I have a meeting tomorrow with Melissa G and repeat that over in my head. Clare tells me, "It's just a van," when I comment on her mother's interesting kitchen. (258 words)
#1675 (1990-02-23)

I'm at the M City house and I'm in my wheelchair at the road edge, watching cars zip around the bad corner. I see Amber walking by with another friend. I wish to see Darryl and concentrate hard. Sure enough, he comes walking up the street to my house. I get out of the wheelchair and, therefore, I'm invisible to him. My spirit surrounds him like a cloud and I think at him to stay here for a while, "Don't go away." He goes to the house and I look for my wheelchair. Dwight has moved it to the back door and I go get it and come in through several unfinished rooms. In one room, several straight back chairs are turned to the wall. I get to the living room and my parents are there. I say, "Oh, you took out the fireplace. I loved it." Then, I see it's on another wall. Darryl knocks on the door. I open it and wonder how he'll feel seeing me in a wheelchair. He seems accepting. We hug. I'm glad to see him again. (183 words)
#1677 (1990-03-17)

I am approaching a barn, it is old, dilapidated and ugly. Inside is darkness and rotting, stinking stuff that I am supposed to clean up. I don't want to, and as I am walking to the door, I veer away, deciding not to do it. I then walk across a grassy pasture to a muddy embankment. I accidentally slip and fall, sliding down the embankment to a muddy area that is like quicksand. I am flat on my back and sinking, trapped and I know there is no way out. I am as good as dead. My sister Lydia is with me and she is already below the mud line. I see she is still alive because her eyes open and shut. It is almost time for me to go under. I feel fear and resistance, but I don't panic. I go under and am amazed I can still breathe. A wash of water goes over us, rising us, floating, out of the mud. We crawl out onto the grass. Then we get up, hugging each other and walking toward our house, which is around the left side of the barn. There are a series of Quonset huts like married student housing at OSU. The first one on the left is ours. It is old, the paint is peeling. I open the door and walk in. I see a blue cotton print dress on a dress form and I say, "Hi, Mama." I realize it is a symbol of my mother. I see movement in the bedroom, my "father" is sick and old and in bed. I don't want to go in, but I do. His face is bumpy and old-looking. He says to me, "I have no sons, so you will be my boy, Buck Bucko." [BL] (297 words)
#1680 (1990-04-30)

I am now on a rocky hill. I see a white furry object and wonder what it could symbolize. I answer myself by saying it symbolizes mountains and ridges of anger, lots of anger. I agree that anger is important in my background. I see a group of people down on a beach, making love. I decide to go down there. I look for the path. Someone says, "Careful, it branches out and you could get lost." I go anyway and it's pretty much a straight path through the rocks. I get there and see Tyler walking beside me. He doesn't recognize me. I laugh and say, "I'm B." He is startled. I soothe him by saying, "It's easy to not know because I'm walking." I choose him and we make love. I'm glad it's someone I know and like. (140 words)
#1681 (1990-05-14)

Ellie spills a gallon jug of water and I say to her angrily, "Pick it up; pick it up before the mess gets worse." She refuses and a big puddle spreads out. I walk away angry. I see a black woman, a friend. We hug and she says, "You should hit that child into behaving." I say, "No, I shouldn't hit her, but I should tell her that if you want to be loved, give and give, lots of love." She hugs me because I'm right. (86 words)
#1683 (1990-05-14)

I was chosen to be interviewed by S, the college president, but it's unclear if my papers were approved in time, so I clutch my briefcase with my acceptance letter in it and try to find the building. A woman student and Ellie help guide me to the building. I find a sign saying "504," the room. I rush to the room, hoping, feeling late and uncertain. I am there in the nick of time. I am calm and handle it well. (82 words)
#1686 (1990-06-02)

I am an incredible swimmer. I dive off a diving board with such strength and grace, a triple somersault, and I dive clean and deep and hold my breath for long minutes and come up out of the water so powerfully, I literally can walk on the water and easily step out onto the pool's edge. I am impressed. So is a man who has some power and fame. (69 words)
#1688 (1990-06-04)

I have multiple personalities caused by some terrible abuse as a child. Jock is supportive and hugs me encouraging me to get in touch with the core memory. I'm on stage doing my different personalities. (Evangeline is one, a man is another.) The audience isn't ready and I wait for them impatiently. (52 words)
#1689 (1990-06-09)

I see an old friend, a warm, friendly man, one I met when I just started at the community college. His voice is warm and caring (like Nat V). I can't remember his name. He comes up to me and asks how I'm doing. I am interrupted by a boy doing some tricks with a small wagon/car. The wheel is turned and won't work right. He's on stage and is embarrassed and says, "What shall I do?" in a stage whisper. I walk around on stage being like a rodeo clown, a distraction. Then my friendly man comes back over and hugs me. We walk together for a block or so, his arm around my waist and mine around his. It felt so good and comforting. I missed it. We talked. I told him about my book. "Oh, still trying to get that published," he says. "You need a job!" He says, "I'm retired." I say, "But a few odd jobs to make extra money would be nice." I remember his name is Nat Cathran. I like him very much. (180 words)
#1690 (1990-06-10)

I'm in a small boat in the huge ocean. I'm lost and drifting. A huge Navy ship comes over and a military officer who looks like Paul Newman comes aboard and finds me. I'm nearly dead from lack of food and water. He asks me how much food I had left and I point to a few scraps. I feel superior because I know I'm not a goner yet. So resourceful! He brings me on board the ship. I go to his "office." Someone has projected his face up on the clouds and is throwing a ball (soccer) up at him. His hands move clumsily and can't catch the ball. This is supposed to prove there is no God, and if there were, he isn't it. This is damaging to him. He must find the culprit. I know how, but he won't believe me, so I and another woman take over. We call the accused in. I tell him he must sit facing all of us for 3/4 of an hour. The crowd groans because they figure it's a waste of time. I shorten it to 1/2 hour and tell him how if he plays games with us and waits us out, it will go bad at the trial. He will have proven his guilt. Then as he sits there, I explain how it is best if he just tells us the truth. What he doesn't know is that I and the other woman are psychic and are taking notes on his internal responses and we know the whole story. (260 words)
#1691 (1990-06-12)

Magical grandparents look like ordinary older people, but they are really magical godparents, but cast under a spell. I come to their house and they show me around. We go out into the backyard and walk. I start singing because it is so beautiful and I sing beautifully. I sing, "Oh, Lord, look at these beautiful mountains." We walk across the yard, which is iced over rain water, and I'm worried it will crack and we'll fall through. She says, "No, no problem." We safely get to the other side. There is a sort of children's fantasy playground there and I go in and look around at the cute playhouses and things. The older woman gives me a huge pink crystal on a necklace and I wear it. As I'm going through the playground, it changes to a deep ruby color and I find a big black crystal that pops up out of a "playhouse." That means the spell is broken and they are restored to their magical selves. (169 words)
#1692 (1990-07-02)

I am a self-centered, arrogant woman. A man follows me around being angry and sarcastic. I get into the driver's seat of a van and start to drive. I'm going the wrong way and look for a break in the median bushes so I can make a "U" turn. I see one, brake hard and barely make it; now I'm in the fast lane, going the right way. I'm trying to change lanes to the "slower" lane and see ahead of me a tiny baby (one day old) on a tricycle pedaling along, keeping up with the flow of car traffic. I change lanes and so does she and we collide. I pick her up, concerned. She's not hurt, but she's feisty and annoyed with me for getting in the way. She's wearing a pink suit and a red light flashes near her chin. She's sort of an alien high tech baby doll/person. I feel a rush of concern and love for her and pick her up, and now I'm taking care of her. The angry man smiles and croons a sweet happy celebration song because finally this selfish, self-centered woman he's been in love with and waited for all these years is caring for someone else. That means soon she'll wake up to him and return his love. He is very happy. She just looks at him like he's being silly and comments to someone that he's doing some "silly male mating ritual." But she likes him and is realizing a sense of peace and joy and love she'd not felt before. (263 words)
#1695 (1990-08-03)

I am in a graduation gown. It is necessary to drown and then be saved or come back to life to fulfill this ritual. I am very afraid to do it. But Theresa needs me to do it to help her daughter. I call out to God/spirits for help. A bolt of lightning comes to me, runs over my body and back out my gown, from the thighs and groin area. I see this as a powerful sign. I am capable, I can do it, I am special. I go to the pool. Theresa and I hold hands. I see Charla already lying, not breathing, like she's asleep on the bottom. I feel sadness. I am also afraid I won't be as brave. I jump in and immediately panic, fighting for air. I can't surrender to it like Charla can. I wake up gasping. (144 words)
#1698 (1990-09-01)

I am captive. A mean, horrible man, his wife and sons torture me. I am tied up and forced to have sex. I'm injured and hurt frequently. I can only go to the bathroom when they want me to. I am tied up to a pulley and pulled up off the floor by my hands. I must pee on command in a bottle. I am terrified of this horrible man who would hurt me just for the heck of it. I am totally helpless and trapped. The wife complains because he's a man so he gets all the best chances to hurt. She's sort of an enabler for him. A young man, a son, weakly protests at the cruelty of the father. (122 words)
#1699 (1990-09-01)

Now I'm a passenger in a car. The son of the horrible man is driving. A woman (perhaps Darcy) is behind me. We have escaped with the help of the son. We must constantly be moving in a random way so "he" won't find us. We meet him several times and he grabs my leg and I panic. I pull away but it's hard as I'm not very aggressive, mostly afraid. We can never stop. It is merely another form of torture that will go on forever. (87 words)
#1700 (1990-09-01)

The wife sees me and begs me to get caught again for her husband's sake and I refuse and run. I see the man and remember that I could call the police. I dial 911, shaking in fear. I say, "Help, this man will hurt me." The police at first refuse to help, pointing out to me that he's my father. I say firmly, "You will help me anyway. He hurts me." They agree and take him away. (78 words)
#1701 (1990-09-01)

Lucy and I are in a house. Justin, her husband and Lorne, her ex-husband are there. I beg her not to pay any attention to Lorne. He's like a milder form of that horrible man. She struggles with her indecision and then agrees. We slam doors shut against him. We then begin to go upstairs. The stairs are ornate, cloth brocade and appliques. I point out several lovely rooms. One entirely gray bedspread, drapes, wall paper all match. Then the stairs are bright red with a soft pink accent. I tell Lucy about it. We reach our rooms, which are on the top floor. There isn't much furniture and the rooms aren't as pretty as the others. We are disappointed and think about returning to the lower floor. Justin is with us. (132 words)
#1702 (1990-09-06)

I am shocked and sad. Howard's arm got amputated in an accident last night. I am carrying his dead arm around for him. I sit on a couch next to a man and feel the heavy dead weight of Howard's dead arm across my shoulders. I pull it off and behind me trying to ignore it. It is in the way. Jerome is around and I am attracted to him. I need to pack things up and put them in my van. He offers to help. I agree. He goes and I decide to change clothes so I'll look more attractive to him, but it doesn't work because I look pudgy, overweight. I'm getting tired of dragging around Howard's dead arm and besides it's getting rank by now, rotting. A woman says she put her dead father in a box. I open it and look. The father is still alive, with white hair. His eyes move. I feel sorry for him and help him out of the box. Howard, with a missing arm, comes to the door. (177 words)
#1703 (1990-09-12)

I am in bed with Howard again. It's been so long since we've made love and he wants it real bad. I agree. I lie down and try to pretend I'm asleep. I am turned away from him. He slowly and gently comes close to me. He's afraid I'll pull away or refuse him and so he's being very hesitant and careful. He licks my cheek. I feel some revulsion. He touches my nipple. I want to cringe. I try to tolerate it but can't, it is so repugnant to me. I sit up, crying and sobbing. He is heartbroken and runs from the room. I feel such sorrow for him, for me and for my two baby girls (Dovre and Ellie). I'm not intimately, lovingly close to them as I'm not sexually there for Howard. I feel like apologizing for this deficit in me. I get up and find a note Howard had written for me. He had gone to bed to wait for me and left a note to explain that. It said, "Here are your pills (birth control). They are improved and better than the last time you tried them. I'll go to bed and wait until you feel ready." (203 words)
#1704 (1990-09-12)

I'm in a house. A noise or light in the room sets off an orgasm and I'm sitting on a couch. Other people are in the room, a man, maybe Chuck. I put a magazine up by my face, pretending to read it so no one will see my face and I try not to respond to the strong orgasm so no one will know this is happening. I'm embarrassed. Then I hear electricity zapping in the next room. A cord is lying in the water. I am aware this is dangerous and am leaving the house so I'll be safe, when I see a small girl child bend down to pick up the zapping cord. She's standing in the water (Charla/Dovre) in a dress. I yell, "NO! NO! Don't touch that." I'm frantic. She pays no attention to me and picks it up. I must stop her, but to return and get her will endanger myself, but I must. I'm yelling at her as I rush in, grab her hands and pull her out. I'm amazed there are no burn marks on her hands. She seems unharmed. I rush out of the house, carrying her, looking for the fuse box. Others try to help me. I push them aside, they are in the way. I find the box and don't know which way to push the switches and ask, "Is this the on or off?" I turn them all off, one by one. Now I feel sad, the house is dark, the food will spoil, it will be cold, because there is no energy, but at least we are safe. (271 words)
#1705 (1990-09-12)

A young boy is curious about kissing. He wants to know what it will feel like. I/myself/his mother, decide to kiss him myself to show him. I know it's wrong, but it's better for him if I know him, than for a stranger to do it. (That's my reasoning, anyway.) Later, the color blue, a journey and snow. [BL] (58 words)
#1707 (1990-09-13)

I am standing on the mud flats looking for the ocean. I'm up to my ankles in mud. A male, soft, sweet and gentle, almost a spirit, stands to my left behind me. I ask him where the ocean is. He smiles and points forward. I see a slit in the land, like the birth opening on a whale. Two "people," one male and one female, are together in a circle, the woman coming up through the slit like a flower growing (see drawing). The man smiles and says, "Ah, you have seen the infinity holes." I ask again where the ocean is. He points and I get ready to dive. I remember I won't be able to breathe. He smiles again, walks up to me and French kisses me. It is so gentle and caring. I realize he's given me the "kiss of breath." Now I'll be able to breathe underwater. I dive and find myself in a narrow channel full of murky, deep water filled with a swarm of naked swimming people. It's a school of fish. I swim among them comfortably. (184 words)
#1708 (1990-09-17)

Lucy, her husband Justin, Katrina and I are seated around a table. We are talking. Justin says, "You don't want to know." I say, "Yes, I want to know." He says, "Lucy wanted to know and now look at her. She cries and hurts and whenever she hears the song 'A man loves a woman.' She's deeply hurt. It's not worth it." (62 words)
#1709 (1990-09-17)

I'm at a beach and trying to take photos. I can't get the right composition. It would look good and then change. I see statues dancing. I try to take a photo with mountains in the background, but they shift. I go back to my friends on the beach. A nice man, the boyfriend of my friend, is very supportive. I like him but he belongs to the other lady. He's smiling at me and I turn and see Howard standing there and my smile just disappears. He wants to be interested in my photography too, but I walk away. I don't want anything to do with him. (108 words)
#1710 (1990-09-18)

A male dictator, overweight, kind of looks like Jared, is killing the Jews. Frank Sinatra and I are underground agents. He pretends to be a Catholic priest so the soldiers will think the Jews are Catholics. We work for their safety. The dictator is very angry at us and does everything he can to get us. We keep escaping and he keeps capturing us and tells us it's the last time. He walks out, grinning. We shrug our shoulders, grin and turn to escape quickly through a door. He'll never expect us to try so fast. We turn left and hide in a closet to fool the soldiers who expect us to run. Then we head for a ship. We're going up the gang plank, but it's hard and I'm on my hands and knees, my hands slapping the wooden ramp hard to gain purchase. A woman is getting off the boat and whispers to me as she passes, "Remember, your dreams are here to help you." I realize I'd been so busy living it, I hadn't had dreams or paid attention to them. (184 words)
#1712 (1990-09-20)

My father, my mother and I are on a tiny motorcycle. My father's driving and then my mother is behind him and I'm perched on the end, rather precariously. We are traveling over the mountains to M City and I'm concerned that I don't have any gloves. My hands will get cold and hurt. Oh, well, I can stick them in my pockets, but I know I'm going to be uncomfortable. The road is gravel and my father hits the gas too hard and the cycle's front wheel lifts up. I yell, "Let off the gas," annoyed and a little scared. He does and we go on. I have to keep telling him, because he's a bad driver and I feel endangered. Dwight is there somewhere. (126 words)
#1713 (1990-09-23)

I meet this charming, sweet, young man who is magical. He senses what you want from him and then he creates it. A woman wants sweets and he magically produces them in quantity. I want to make warm, delicious love to him. He says he can only do that when there's TV around. I smile and point to my cable TV. "See? 24 hours a day," I say, quite delighted I'll have him all that time. I hug him to me, already anticipating the warm, soft, sensual good times. (89 words)
#1714 (1990-09-24)

I am told I must drink deep of the river. I submerse myself and breathe in the water deeply. Small, white baby seals swim by. I stand up and a man comes by, taunting me, smiling. "You did the wrong thing," he said. "If you drink that water, you'll get dizzy and ill." I don't know who to believe, but I feel deep down to drink is the right choice. I look up river and see a life-size crucifix of Christ floating toward me. (84 words)
#1715 (1990-09-25)

Howard wants to make love to me. I am paralyzed with bad, sad feelings. I say, "I'm sorry, I guess I'll have to get sexual therapy counseling, if I'm ever going to be able to make love again." I am so repulsed by the idea of making love to him. [BL] (50 words)
#1716 (1990-09-26)

I'm walking across a field and see a muddy water puddle and realize I can choose to go around it. I do, but then I see the entire field and streets are covered with water, so I slosh through it down the road. I come to a brick fence and stop; looking over I see the ocean with lots of industrial things all over. I feel tired and sad because the whole world is ugly and takes over with industry. Then a fog comes up and I see a big seagoing ship with people on it going by. Then I'm talking to a man; he's telling me now I'm going to die. He says, "You'll get between a man and his wife and 'bang' you'll be shot or stabbed." I ask if it will hurt to die. He says, "Yes, a little, but it will be worth it because you will feel sooo good going home." I then feel a longing to "go home" (to heaven, or whatever). (168 words)
#1717 (1990-09-26)

I'm in a play. I'm playing a male part. I have fake whiskers glued on. I am playing "The King of Israel." I walk to the stage area and stand on an empty stage. I know the throne is there, but I just can't see it. I'm waiting for the audience to be seated. A chorus is singing on bleachers between me and the audience. Open bleachers are near me at the front of the stage. Some people sit there in case I fall. I pace and then decide to start. I announce, "I am the King of Israel" and I place myself on the throne. Someone playing God's angel comes in and says, "God didn't say you could do that," and I said, "But I know He will" The play goes on. I worry if my false whiskers are going to fall off. (144 words)
#1718 (1990-10-08)

I am a depressed woman and I decide to call Ginny up and go visit her so I can be alone and depressed in a safe place. I go there and decide to go outside and sit in the parking lot. As I'm there, now I'm pregnant. A large man comes by and threatens to rape me. I stand up, reaching for something to hit him with. He sees I'm prepared to fight and he ponders the odds of a 200 + lb. woman and a 300 + lb. man. He backs off. I go in, feeling scared, angry and frozen feelings. I tell someone about it. Then a teenager asks me if it's ok to teach my 3-year-old girl about sex and actually to make love to her. I feel uneasy, even though the person's logic makes sense. It supposedly would help the girl learn about sex. But finally I say, "I'm sorry, I just can't let you do it. She's too young. It could scare her or hurt her." (171 words)
#1719 (1990-12-02)

I am the mother of Dwight, Jake and Ellie. I am very harried and frustrated. I'm trying to cook breakfast and I turn on a burner on the stove. I look again and see a pile of napkins on a burner starting to flame. I poke them and turn off the burner. I call out "Ellie" angrily. She left this mess. I see more flames and I see a bra burning in one deeply recessed burner. I try to get it out with a stick. The whole thing is a total mess. I then notice the stove is really a recliner chair, badly burned and charred. I turn to the sink to get a poached egg. There are egg shells floating in it, and filth is in the sink. I am disgusted and angry at my children. Jake is about to leave and I say to him, "If you don't put away the milk it will stay out and go bad and you won't have any for dinner." He ignores me and leaves. I feel angry and put upon. (179 words)
#1720 (1990-12-03)

I'm taking a shower or bath. There are lots of free miniature things in a plastic bag -- tiny shampoos, soaps, irons, hem mending kits etc -- all one could use to keep things clean and tidy and comfortable. I don't use them and then notice I'm sitting in the tub on my towel. I don't even have a dry towel! I see I left soap on my face on the left cheek. (73 words)
#1721 (1990-12-03)

I opened a huge package I had wrapped up and saw it was the "Life Monopoly" poster/movie I was sending to Dovre. I was tired and annoyed that I made more work for myself. I am too tired to wrap it back up, but I don't want to keep it any more and wonder if Dovre will mind storing it for me. I am bored and restless. I wander around and see a man I like, but I feel like I won't get him; he's in the distance. I feel like it would be nice to connect with him, but too tired to do anything even if I could figure out what do to. [BL] (114 words)
#1722 (1990-12-05)

I'm holding on to a long hanging rope. I'm high up and scared because I may lose my grip and fall and be seriously hurt. I'm shaking with fear. There are three other ropes. A man is on each one. This is a man's thing we're doing. They are distant but encouraging. In a final rush of bravado I swing, even though the twisting makes me dizzy and disoriented. I swing myself up on a high perch and sit, proud of myself and "showing off" to the men. (88 words)
#1723 (1990-12-07)

I am in bed and notice my wheelchair is far away in the next room. I'm surprised. Judy P comes over to talk, and I ask her to bring me the chair. She does, but I don't use it since I seem to be able to walk well enough at the moment. I'm embarrassed that I asked her to go to that trouble. She tells me a woman in the computer group sent her a complaint and shows it to me. Judy is wondering what she may have done wrong and lists a few things it might be. I look at the letter. It is a beautifully embroidered piece, nicely framed. Roses are embroidered around and with the complaining words. I admire her stitches and think about needlework and how the thread (yarn) crosses the corners as a diagonal. Each corner must be covered. (144 words)
#1725 (1990-12-29)

I am in bed and a young beautiful girl (woman) is sitting on the foot of the bed. A young boy like Rigo is sexually attracted to the girl. She leaves and he turns to me and takes off my clothes. My flabby breast is exposed. He wants to make love to me. I want to and yet draw back because of his young age. Later I am relieved I didn't act on my impulse and shame myself by making love to a child. (84 words)
#1730 (1991-01-04)

Theresa B and her family had to move. I am with them. We are all sleeping in the same bed. The husband and the children get up and leave and Theresa and I sleep in until 11:00! It feels great. I needed the rest. Then I wake up and yawn and get two cigarettes and light them both up. This is a rare treat, two cigarettes at once. I puff and puff. Theresa won't wake up; she's so sleepy. So even though I meant the cigarettes for her, I get most of them myself. Then Theresa gets up and goes out, leaving the door open. People are out there. I haven't any clothes on. I scramble for my bra and am annoyed at them for looking and at Theresa for leaving the door open. I feel exposed. (137 words)
#1731 (1991-01-04)

Ellie and I went to a conference. We sleep together. I wake up and see Paulina, who had slept in her father's room, taking a shower. It looks like a good idea. I see a woman swimming past me, near the far wall. I'm surprised and wonder if there is water in the room. I sleep more. Paulina B gets into bed with me. I pretend I'm still asleep but enjoy the sweet hug she gives me. I hug her softly and pat her. She pats me back. I notice the difference between my feelings with Ellie and her. Ellie and I are always on edge with each other. Paulina and I exchange true feelings of loving each other. It's almost like she's my baby girl again. So now Ellie and I go to take a shower. The thing isn't very good. There are different nozzles and not much strength in the stream of water. Someone leaves the door open. A young teen boy comes in, rough and smart-mouthed. He has a scissor and threatens me. He rapes me. I have no feelings, even though I cry and sob and cry out, "help" and "rape." Later, I critique a story or movie about a mild man who has a water process to create steel. The macho men laugh, it won't work, they do fine with their fire and forge. Later, they learn this new method is better and have to back up and respect him. (245 words)
#1732 (1991-01-05)

I am seated either in the driver's seat, or in the back seat behind it. Dwight was driving and he gets out to adjust something and doesn't put the brakes on. We start rolling and I call out to Dwight. Either I can't reach the brakes, or I don't think to do so, and we roll down a hill and finally crash into someone's garage wall. There was only minor damage to the wall and the red pickup. The man and his wife come out of the house. I recognize him as a local celebrity, perhaps a lecturer, author, or storyteller. Dwight offers to pay and hands him a fist full of change. He almost chooses an old silver dollar and then chooses two old and valuable pennies. We leave, walking. I tell Dwight he gave up too much. The damage was mild but the pennies were worth millions. I insist he go back and renegotiate. I think I'll help teach Dwight how to be assertive. Instead, I just take over and do it myself. I do it well, asking that he give back the pennies and receive recompense more at the level of the damage. He agrees. Then, a weird creature slithers up. It is a human male, but in the form and posture of an alligator. His human eyes are sort of on top of his head like a 'gator. We are introduced to this pet. He then hops on his tail and is now standing like a man on his feet. (254 words)
#1733 (1991-01-05)

I'm at a conference of some kind, a motel. I have trouble locking the door of my cabin. I have trouble turning on the porch lights. I'm walking back to the main area. My cousin Abner, who I falsely call Nate, has a handmade guitar, a square board with three strings, one too loose to play. He hands it to me to play. I do quite well, singing a love song in a strong, clear, pretty voice. People like it. (80 words)
#1734 (1991-01-05)

I see Andrea and two men at an exercise area. I'm getting ready to leave with someone, a friend, female. I say, "Oh, I want to tell Andrea. I'll just take five minutes. Go on ahead." I watch as the three line up to run a race. I am amazed how fast Andrea is. She wins easily. I call to her and start telling her how I used to have a box full of papers from my teaching year in another state. "That was a very hard year," I said. "I call it my memory box." I share with Andrea how good I feel now. I think I let go of the memory boxes. Then I told her about how I played my guitar so well with Nate, I mean, Abner, who I was going to marry when I was 6 years old. (143 words)
#1735 (1991-01-06)

A child is playing. I watch and then step into the box she was using, and while in the box, standing, I pick it up, with me in it, and carry me into the house. The child is quite amazed I can do that. It felt smooth and easy. Now Grandpa Lloyd and a child are leaving. I get out of the box and go outside to wave goodbye. Grandma Mildred grabs me and starts dancing with me and I feel surprised that she would do that, surprise that she's not leaving with Grandpa Lloyd and frustration that she's interfering with me saying goodbye. I say, "Soon we'll go visit Grandpa." Aunt Esther is grumpy and says, "But it's 2:00 already, when will you have time?" I am annoyed and also realize she's right. I won't have time and I sigh, "Oh, well, some other time." I see my six uncles (one of them my father) playing on the lawn (sort of a leap frog or hide and seek game). My aunts are all on the patio/porch with me. Aunt Bridget looks pale and blonde. She asks if she got any sun. I look and see that her left cheek, as she faces me, is red with sunburn. I tell her. She says, "Good, some color." It used to be the fad to be white and pale and she was always afraid to get in the sun and made quite an anxious deal out of it. She's glad its not so now. I notice some golden brown tan spots and say, "You would look very nice tanned golden brown." (269 words)
#1737 (1991-01-12)

I am in a room with other women like a dorm sleeping room. One is very large with generous sized butt and breasts, an earth mother of the ancient type where cherubs were chubby and beauty had folds of fat. One woman helped me stand up and then went off to do something. I was upset and told her not to do that because I can't stand up very long before it hurts. A woman says to me, "I am not gay." I say, "Neither am I," feeling embarrassed as though I am "protesting too much." I continue to explain that I have enough trouble with isolation and being held apart because I'm different with disability. I sure don't need to add any more with being gay too! (128 words)
#1738 (1991-01-12)

I am staying somewhere and everyday I go out and get a paper ticket on my car. I have to turn them in when I leave. Now it's time to leave and I'm packing, but can't find all the tickets. I hope that doesn't hold me up. I look at my left wrist and see long bunches of hairs (maybe 3" long) growing out of my wrist. I remark that's just like my mother and we compare our clumps of hairs. We soap them into "whale spouts" just alike. (89 words)
#1739 (1991-01-13)

A tall many-storied building stands near a road. A construction crew is looking for a structural problem. I go into the building to the basement and I see a twisted place in a girder, a long beam. I come out and tell the foreman the building is about to collapse. We start running away and hiding in the bushes. I am next to the road and realize I must stop traffic because the building is going to fall on the road. I run onto the road yelling at the pedestrians to stop! Some ignore me and break past me, walking into the dangerous area. I see the building and actually try to visualize it falling because it isn't and I've got all these people stopped and they are annoyed at me. It finally collapses far away from the road. A person glares at me for hindering them. I shrug. Better safe than sorry. (153 words)
#1740 (1991-01-13)

I find a business card that says "BLUE LENS." I wonder if it means the color blue on a camera lens or the Blues Music. I'm told its a special elite video crew that only records the top talents of that company and they are coming to record on video, me. I feel surprised and honored. So I go to the house and a woman/maid shows me my room. My little girl has a room down the hall. I'm supposedly getting the VIP treatment. I go in to "#23." It's a lovely room. It's time to take a bath, but first the maid shows me a tall, fancy French chest of drawers. In one drawer is a couch in case I have company. (high school friend Dora is in the dream somewhere.) Three drawers are full of pillows. One drawer has a green army blanket in it. Now the drawers open up like doors (French) to the bathroom. There is a fancy bathtub. I get into it. It's very narrow and tall, with black handled faucets. The maid fills the tub with water. I hope it doesn't go over my head when I sit, because the sides of the tub do. She offers to soap up my legs for me. I notice I have hairy legs. I choose to do it myself. (222 words)
#1741 (1991-01-13)

I am in a house. I am renting it from high school friend Dora's mom and dad for $78.00 a month. Dora comes to visit and is impressed with the house. I say, "You should see how many toilets and kitchens I have." I take her on a tour and there are at least three separate apartments in the house, only it's all one house. The bottom rooms are lovely: two bedrooms, a sitting room, kitchen and bath (three toilets). A man tries to sneak out and I realize he's been living there on the sly. He asks if he can stay. I suggest he pay rent. "How much?" he asks. "$100 apiece," I say (he has a friend). I am very pleased with myself that I would get more money than I'm putting out and therefore make a profit. (140 words)
#1742 (1991-01-15)

A family Christmas gathering. I see Doug leaning over the face of an older, ugly woman, perhaps an Aunt. He's standing behind her and she's tilted back looking up at him. He drools on her face. I feel disgust. I am seated on a couch, but I am crouched or squatting behind my cousin Patricia. My knees are hugging her back. It's a friendly posture. I give Jake a box of 20 different colored felt markers. I watch his face. He's not pleased and I feel bad. He then opens my second present which is more of the same. I say, "I'm sorry, did I give you the same thing? I'll change it." He walks away, unhappy. I follow him and tell him I want to talk. Jake isn't interested, but I persist. "You're nearly 40 now and looking at your life, what have you accomplished? What time do you have left to do, what?" Jake scoffs and ignores me as he usually does. (164 words)
#1744 (1991-01-18)

I am crying, sobbing. I feel enormous sadness. I'm leaving the man I love. His name is Jack Kennedy. He's very upset. I run from him and slam the door shut, struggling with the lock to get it locked before he pushes open the door. The lock is like an old one at M City House. He's hurt and begging me to open the door. I start packing my things. I pick up bouquets of flowers and toss them across the room in my sadness/anger. I pick up roses in green florist paper and realize I've got thorns in my left thumb and finger. It hurts and I cry as I try to pull out the thorns. Howard forces open the door and gently pulls out the thorns. (128 words)
#1745 (1991-01-18)

I'm in a room, large, a sink on one wall, so maybe its a kitchen. I like this man and he likes me. There is a child, a girl. We love her. Mirabelle comes in. She's upset because of her blindness. I talk about my feelings about disability. She's complaining that people always over-help her. I agree. The man gently asks if he ever did that. I tell him yes. When we first met, he did some of the usual things AB's do around disabled people. I don't want to hurt his feelings. I finish the dishes. Then Mary and I sit on a table which is on wheels and we accidentally roll over to where the man is sitting. He introduces us to his wife, a pretty young woman with brown eyes and a pageboy hair cut. She's partially deaf and I hear it in her voice. I am surprised and sad that he's married. I say hello to her and we talk. (164 words)
#1746 (1991-01-19)

I am in a play or movie. I'm playing a sexy slut, with a platinum blonde wig, a furry white bra, halter top, big boobs. I come on stage wearing a sexy dress over the sexy outfit. I'm waiting for my boyfriend. Another man, the "bad guy," sits near me and on the arm of the chair I'm seated in, curled up in a sexy way. He moves his hand to cause my dress to fall more revealingly to show more leg. Then he sits next to me, his arm now around me. He asks me to dance. I agree. He pulls me close. I see he has a large butcher knife. I have one too. We fight like swords fighting. I feel sad, but I must defend myself. I try to knife his balls. He dodges. He's a good-looking man. I'm attracted to him but he's clearly trying to get at my boyfriend through me. [BL] (156 words)
#1748 (1991-01-20)

I'm at a high school or church, at an assembly. Everyone is sitting on wooden benches like in a church. A woman holds a huge boa constrictor snake which she has brought to show us. She wants me to touch the snake and get to know it, but I'm afraid to. So I start backing away. She follows me, insisting. I start to move among the seated students, ducking down so she can't see me. She just keeps coming. I run and hide, run and hide. I end up among the 7th grade girls, hoping she doesn't notice how much older I am, being a senior in high school. She smiles and says, "How young you girls look." I think maybe I should give up and touch the head of the snake, but can't get over my sense of fear which I now think is perhaps not warranted. (148 words)
#1752 (1991-01-22)

A woman is in the passenger side of a car. She has lied and said she lives in this huge blue house. So the driver takes her to the house and is waiting to see how she'll handle this. The woman stalls for time but the driver waits, knowing she lied. Finally, a woman in the house notices the car and goes out to see what's going on. She thinks someone 's come to visit her. She says hello. The woman in the car brazens it out and gets out of the car and goes into the house with her as though they knew each other. Now we're inside and I'm the woman in the car. The woman of the house puts me to work. I start doing dishes and she tells me to make a casserole for dinner. I ask for a recipe and she says, "Just do the usual, use three groups of food." I decide it is necessary to do this work for pay for her hospitality. I don't like it much. Ellie and possibly Charla are there and I'm annoyed that she's not doing her share of the work. Now Hank comes in. I bring food into the living room to serve the guests and clean up. Hank is being uppity and ridiculing me. I get angry and slap him in the face several times. He's got a beard and a chubby face (like Howard). I tell him I don't like him. I drop some food on a pillow on the floor and sit to pick it up, trying to clean it up. Hank looks on contemptuously. (271 words)
#1755 (1991-01-24)

I am at a school as a guest speaker. A young man is also a speaker, We chat and pass in the halls as we go to our classrooms to speak. After we're done I'm going to leave and he says, "Do you want to eat one of those frank and cheese things they have for lunch? They're pretty good." I say, "Sure," hoping this means he likes me and wants to spend time with me. He goes to get one. As I'm waiting, I realize I'm feeling sad and frustrated. He won't really like me, he's just being polite. So I get up and start leaving quickly. An older man, short, glasses and balding like (Clyde?) starts talking to me. It slows me down. He stops to pee in a restroom stall, still talking. I can see the stream of urine. He didn't even bother to shut the door. I am offended and start running. Nobody cares about me, is my feeling. Another older man starts talking to me. I barely nod, feeling impolite but too angry and hurt to really care. Then an older woman says she wants to tell me a construction story and starts in describing the manger scene of Joseph, Mary and the baby Jesus. I give up and start walking back to where I left the young man, listening to her go on and on. I pass the two older men who look at me and apologize. I just wave them off. I know I'll see the young man again, but it can't be helped. Then I say to the woman, annoyed, "Are you telling me that the best occupation for a woman is to have a baby? You're telling this to a cripple?" I am incredulous at her insensitivity. (296 words)
#1758 (1991-01-28)

I am giving birth to my third baby. Someone looks under the blanket and sees that, unbeknownst to me, the baby is already born. He's very cute and lying on my belly. I am amazed and say, "But I didn't feel any pain, not even a tiny twinge!" Someone says, "But now we have to get the afterbirth out, that will hurt." I feel labor-like pains as they push on my belly. (72 words)
#1759 (1991-01-29)

All night long, Jared is drunk and talking in his incoherent, mumbly monotone. Finally, I have enough and I tell him off. I call him a boring bastard. Then I notice a baby girl standing inside a flaming fireplace. I go to her and say sympathetically, "You must be very hot and uncomfortable." She agrees. I pick her up and hold her, taking her away from the fire. (68 words)
#1760 (1991-01-29)

It's my birthday. I get up and go to the living room, where there is a bed. On the bed is a guru person seated on a pillow. I say, "I dreamt you were here and now you are! How amazing." I am joined by a group of my women friends and a box of chocolate candies. It's not exactly the same candies as in the dream, but close enough. Then I get up. Howard has come in. He wants us to stay together. I want to get a divorce and go live alone in a cabin in the woods. He is sad, but agrees. We discuss who will keep the children. I want to keep them this time, but am torn, because it would be so hard, so much energy. (131 words)
#1761 (1991-01-29)

Three women roommates have three or four men roommates. The women notice the men have disappeared and only come back occasionally and secretly. We look in their room and see only four shirts left in their closet. They usually have many more. We suspect they are out trying to have sex with the wife of one of them. The guy is gone so they're after her. We don't approve. I feel sad they would do this. Now I am one of the women and I'm hiding in the basement/laundry room to spy on them. I'm under a pile of clothes and sheets. They come in to get clean shirts. There is a gorilla/monkey with them. He makes lots of noise. I listen to them talk and realize they were being honorable after all. They've been going up to a monastery (I see a dragon-like creature with a Chinese monkey face) to take care of things there. (156 words)
#1762 (1991-01-30)

I had my passport and Traveler's Checks and now I can't find them. I'm looking through all the bags and feeling frustrated. I hold Fluffy and comment on the beautiful blue and black colors of her fur. The blue is startling. I am trying to tidy up the things and I start to paint the inside of the bag black. I have a tiny bottle with a brush applicator like typing correction fluid. I realize it will take a long time. The stuff is thick and hard to spread. One square wooden doll house room I decide to do in white. It's for my mother and I feel sad. (109 words)
#1764 (1991-02-04)

I go to the hospital to get surgery. I sit in the bed and see my mother and Grandma Mildred. I'm glad and surprised they came to be with me. Then, I see cousins, Marci and some small boys. I see Aunt Rosalie and Uncle Gus. At least I think it's him and wonder to myself, "If he was the one that abused me, wouldn't I know it by feeling bad or strange around him?" He and Rosalie are seated on the next hospital bed, Rosalie sitting up, and he relaxed and semi-reclining. I chat with the small boy cousins and ask their names. Then a nurse comes in to prep me and asks what meds I've taken. She then says, "You can't have your surgery today. You'll have to wait until tomorrow." The next day I'm going back to the hospital. Dwight is there and a small baby girl 1 and 1/2 or 2 years old. We are behind a marching band. I say, "We should hold her hand." Dwight holds her left hand and an older man in the band holds her right hand. I feel a little guilty that I don't hold her hand. We are holding up the last part of the parade and I suggest we drop back to the last place. We do. I suggest the man go on with the band and I hold her hand, but he wants to keep hold of her hand. As we walk down the hall, I ask Dwight how his litter of puppies are. "Which ones?" he says. "The really ugly ones with the wrinkled faces?" He says, "They're in the barn, doing OK." He'll sell them soon. I get into the hospital bed and the nurse comes to set up my IV. (296 words)
#1765 (1991-02-08)

I'm in my bedroom and I hear something coming for the door. I go to look. It's like a giant white furry elephant with a short trunk. I try to keep it out of my room. I am afraid of it. I call out "Mother" to see if she'd come help. I poke it with a stick and rush to close the door and hold the door shut. [BL] (68 words)
#1767 (1991-02-08)

I am a woman athlete and go to the shower room. The men resent me. I try to ignore them. I am the only woman there. I go into a shower stall and look back out. I see a row of naked men, taking showers. I only see their back sides. I pull my plastic shower curtain closed, but it won't stay closed and I keep fiddling with it. I start to take off my clothes, some guy pulls open my curtain and I feel exposed and angry. A group of women march in, angry at me for being different. One woman says, "Some one has to get the dinner." I challenge her and say, "Dinner! Again, dinner. Do you have a food fetish?" I am snide. She takes offense and we walk toward each other, hands raised like boxers about to strike. We face each other and she backs down and walks away. Another woman says, "We'll march with you," and I say "Thanks, but let me take my trousers off first." I do so and we march for women's rights. (182 words)
#1769 (1991-02-08)

I see a large auditorium and I go in to see the show and end up crawling over a chicken wire fence to get into the sandy pit where people can sneak in for free. Strange people are there. Two women befriend me and stand close to me, our three heads close together. I accept it, although I don't particularly enjoy it. I look beyond the pit where pretty people all dressed up are seated in chairs where they can actually see the show. (84 words)
#1770 (1991-02-08)

Arvonne/Theresa sells her stuff at an outdoor flea market place. I am going to help her. She gives her stuff to me and I look through it to see if there's anything valuable or that I would want. I see photos and ask if she still wants them (she used to be a famous movie star). She's not interested. I'm moving her stuff. A man comes up and is interested in the saxophone, but he is sarcastic and I decide I don't like him. He says, "I'll bet you can't even play it." I sneer and say, "Even if I could, I wouldn't sell it to you." He gets rude and then leaves. (113 words)
#1771 (1991-02-08)

(a naptime dream) I am a captain of a space ship, alone except for a robot "little girl." I occasionally sleep with her and feel guilty and wonder if it's OK. I decide it's OK and go on with my work. I float/walk down halls until I get to the "office" console where I drive the ship. I've received a cryptic message that seems to indicate someone is going to be attacked -- maybe this space ship, maybe earth. I ask my robot about it and she says, "But not tonight. It doesn't happen tonight." I am surprised "You can look ahead in time and know what happens?" Then what's going to happen. She is upset with herself for letting out so much already. She's nervous and says, "The blue paper will tell." I go in search of the blue paper, in the "office." I am aware that the attack is going to come from a race that painted their planet black so they could soak up the energy of the stars for their energy needs. They live inside the planet, which is brilliantly lighted and luminous. I find some files and go through them, no luck, then an old woman comes in with a plastic bag full of posters. Some of them blue. We look through them for the right one. (222 words)
#1773 (1991-02-09)

Jennifer H and I are traveling in her car. We are on a gravel road and she's concerned because she can't see well on that kind of road. Now its dark and we can't see the road at all, just bumpy fields. We turn and go back. I get out and walk. I'm going to her house. I go in, glad to be somewhere to rest after this long journey/vacation but her house is very neat and has pretty objects in it, sort of like a House Beautiful picture and I can't get comfortable. I want to leave. (98 words)
#1774 (1991-02-09)

A young Native American boy has a father in a wheelchair and he likes a beautiful young girl from a rich family. I am an older woman attracted to him. He has a quick mind and I am encouraging him to realize what is happening around him, what is the metaphor of the girl, the bully and the bad father. He tells me what he thinks it is. I agree. Later he says, "No, it really was this," and I say, "Yes, but it's really all the same, just a different way of looking at it." (96 words)
#1778 (1991-02-11)

At a noon meeting, I am one of three people being honored. The two men go first. Dylan H is very sweet and tender toward me. They take a break before it's my turn to be honored. I decide to go find a bathroom. I walk down a long hall. I ask directions of a cleaning woman and she directs me. I find some small broom closet like stalls and go into one after startling a woman in another one by opening the door on her. I sit on a shallow square hole. I have lots of papers and am trying to sort out what I need to take with me. I see I only need a few, but decide to carry them all with me. I go back toward the meeting area to be honored. Now it is decided that I will marry this other woman's husband. She's upset with me. I'm a little uncomfortable. I self-consciously go through some things of hers to get "my" share: an ornate embossed letterhead, a book about the French men. (He's French) I say, "I should read that." She says snidely, "What's to know, you just maul them and ball them." I shrug, a little concerned that I'm getting into something I've had enough of before (Howard and sex). (217 words)
#1779 (1991-02-12)

(Tuesday) Rick and I sit on a couch. He is sitting very close and puts his arm around me. I feel a little uncomfortable and try to move away slightly. Now I'm married to someone like Josh We're seated at a restaurant table. Someone shows us a 12 step list of people who are in theatre and points out they are very similar to the OCUCA steps for counselors. I read the first three and see I fit the first two. The third one says people memorize large sections of Shakespeare. I haven't, so I don't fit. I see a word "fillias" and someone says that's "feet" as in meters or units in a poem. I am surprised it's spelled that way. Josh says we can't go to the workshop. Too bad, but we can go out to eat where the keynote speaker is at and hear most of the stuff anyway. I think it odd to get up from eating to go out to eat, but feel spontaneous, and go with them. (173 words)
#1781 (1991-02-23)

I am concerned that the door be locked and fixed tight against Howard returning. Meanwhile a man peers into a "closet" window and asks if he can work on it to fix it. I agree, glad it's going to be fixed and then get worried that he may mean me harm. I realize he's a bad man and I must defend myself. I shoot him over and over. He won't die. I knife him, twisting in the blade. Still he comes for me. He's going to use my knife on me. I feel fear. (94 words)
#1782 (1991-02-23)

Uncle Dale says, "OK, now it's time to go to Grandma's." I don't want to go, but I now walk through a crowded dining room to find Amber. If she doesn't want to go, then I can feel OK about not going. I see a man from high school. I pass several times looking for Amber. I feel sad that I didn't look at or respond to the man, and now he's gone. I now go past the dining area to the kitchen. Amber is sitting on the floor in a pantry talking to her mother. I wait until she pauses and I say, "Sorry to interrupt, but Dale has announced we're going now to see Grandma." She smiles and her mom says, "Oh, he did, did he?" I say, "Oh well, he probably means in a few hours. He knows how long it takes us women to get going." We laugh indulgently. I ask Amber if she's going. She says yes, she wants to. I sigh and decide to go because she is going, even though I don't want to. (181 words)
#1783 (1991-02-25)

A white man is accused of killing a Native American elder. The crowds go crazy. They grab him and take him off, a lynch mob. I follow to try and stop them. He is now standing on a platform surrounded by the elders. I go up there and announce that they must listen to me. They won't, so I announce that I am on my moon. They are shocked and move away. I begin my arguments to them now that I have their attention. I tell them I sympathize. They have been brutally treated by the whites. But this man is innocent. It would only be an act of revenge to hang him. I plead for his life. They mellow out some. (122 words)
#1784 (1991-03-04)

I am in the M City house living room, in the early morning. Howard and Pete T are there to celebrate my birthday. Howard just sits there and doesn't do much. Pete brings presents, songs and joy. He represents Mary his wife. Now I sit on the couch. Lucy is seated on my left. Four babies crawl all over us, full of energy. One grabs my breast and sucks. I'm quite surprised as I'm not his mother and I don't have milk. I pull back and tuck my breast quickly back into my bra. Apparently it had accidentally been hanging out. I see a few drops of breast milk. There are four cats on the couch with us as well. Lucy is very sad and upset. She cries and cries about how she'll be going home soon to smoke more pot. No matter how much she tries, she can't seem to stop doing it. She feels hopeless. I feel a strong desire to give her advice. I feel she is just not trying hard enough. She's wailing so much about how hard it is, she's not just "doing it." My mother is tired and I say to her, "Next year, we'll do this at my house. All you'll have to do is make your usual two pies. I'll do all the other work." I hope she's happy and she sighs, happy but not convinced. (234 words)
#1785 (1991-03-04)

I'm in a huge Victorian house. A bunch of babies/small children like Mateo are there. I'm taking care of them (day care). They are helping Ginny and me to paint the house. (Interior) white paint is everywhere. It's sticky, sloppy, etc. It looks pretty good though. Ginny says, "Now it looks like French provincial, not that dark, brooding Victorian brown you had painted them before." I agree that it looks nice. The window frames are huge and spacious, mirrors are large and wall-sized. I look in a spacious room with a wall mirror and say, "Look, this can be a dance room," and I practice a few ballet arm moves and watch my moves in the mirror. (117 words)
#1790 (1991-03-12)

Some children are going to show me the "life thing." They pull me into a room and are going to stand me up on a short platform but I want to be more important or higher, so I insist I stand on a dresser. I hold my arms up in the air and then notice a clingy sensation around the fingers of my left hand. I pull it down to look at it and am appalled. A thick spider's cocoon is wrapped around them and spider eggs are in there and hatching! I squirm to get it off me, and then I see there are snakes wrapped around me and termites or maggot insects on me. It is all nightmarish and scary and disgusting. I wish I'd never been so arrogant as to want to be higher. The children knew this and see I've learned my lesson and help pull off the snake. there is a strong sense of life among the decay - the seamy side of life. (169 words)
#1791 (1991-03-12)

Mark G and I are attracted to each other. He's very sensual and sexy. We are crawling along a path of small gem stones, some made into rope necklaces. Mark is afraid because his father is coming near and maybe Mark won't do things right. I am not as afraid of him and talk to him. I pick up a rope necklace of stones and he shows me ones with flaws in them. (73 words)
#1792 (1991-03-12)

Mark and I have been enjoying a long night of sensual touching and are about to make love. My mother comes up from behind the couch and has a disapproving look on her face. It's nearly 5 am and I should not do this. I should go to bed and get some sleep. I am annoyed with her and I get up and walk her to her bedroom. I am very firm and say, "Look, you go to sleep and leave us alone! Don't come in there because we are going to make love, so if you don't want to be embarrassed, don't come in." I leave her and return to Mark. (112 words)
#1794 (1991-03-16)

A strong, powerful man and woman want me to fly with them. I want to fly with Abner. I feel overwhelmed by them and I pretend that I agree with them. We are ready to fly now and I've been very passive, but suddenly I switch and move over to Abner. This angers the other two. They chase me. Abner and I flee, flying. We know we're not as fast or as strong, so we hide and become invisible. We fly into an upstairs attic window (like a hay loft opening) and hide there. Our strategy is to count on their strength and speed to move them beyond us as we hide. (112 words)
#1795 (1991-03-16)

I am lying down with Archie and we are going to make love. He has a huge penis. We lie down genital to genital (see drawing) and I rub his penis with my hands to give him pleasure. I feel the wet fluid. I rub him against my vagina and then we roll over to make love. I like it. (60 words)
#1796 (1991-03-16)

A young man and woman moved to a new island to live. I am amazed to see the mangrove tree which grows straight out of the rocks and water. The shape of the tree is unusual. It has a thick trunk, round, a circle at the top of the short trunk and two branches, one to the right, one to the left (see drawing). A snake is curled around the right branch. This is a nurturing tree for animals. The young woman has two babies in one year. They move back to the mainland. (94 words)
#1797 (1991-03-16)

Lucy is very upset and runs away crying. I want to help and the only thing I can think of to help is to get up and run after her, knowing it will be very painful and I'm not as fast and I'll go past my endurance very quickly. So I run after her. I reach the point where it's so painful I can't run any more and I stand, unable to move much. Lucy is now in an old rickety manual wheelchair (like my old one from Grandma Mildred). She sees my pain and comes back and let's me sit in the chair. She pushes me and we turn a corner and I yell, "You're going too far to the left. You're on gravel and missed the sidewalk." She's annoyed that I don't trust her driving. I said, "But Lucy, you're blind!" We're back on the sidewalk. I see a small thrift shop sidewalk sale. We stop and look. I hold up sweaters, lacy and soft and pretty, blue and white, dresses and so on. Lucy is looking at a baby bath thing. It has ice cubes under the top. Then she's bathing a baby. Some women are getting impatient, waiting for us to move. (206 words)
#1798 (1991-03-18)

I am told that my sister Lydia died. I am shocked and sad. I'm sort of in shock and it takes awhile for the full feelings of sorrow to sink in. Some part of me seems removed, distant, almost objectively curious. I suddenly remember to ask my mother how she died. My mother said the four of them went to dinner at the Bates Restaurant. They all ate the same food and they all got sick, but Lydia must have eaten the worst, most poisoned part, and she died. They all threw up and had slimy, sticky diarrhea, but Lydia died from it. I shake my head in sorrow. She was so young and good and had so much to live for. Then I amend that part, living with Darryl, how could she look forward to living more? Cousin Patricia comes by to give me some photos she had of Lydia. It's tradition, when someone dies, people give back their photos to the loved one. I remember returning Terence's pictures to her. [BL] (172 words)
#1801 (1991-03-24)

Merle and I are in a gym kind of room. We're trying on other people's impediments. Merle has arm braces on and then a furry fake animal fur arm covering. I am to wear the furry covering on my arms. I have a hard time putting them on. They are long and floppy and I can't do much with them on. I think it would have been better if I'd put the metal braces on. (75 words)
#1806 (1991-03-31)

Sherry Lady and I are doing gentle aerobic exercises. I decide I want to do an obstacle course run. I start running across a field. Sometimes I slow to a walk. I get across it diagonally and turn left to climb fast up a steep hill, with stone stairs. Jock had seen me running and decides he'd better get ahead of me and pace me, so he does. We scramble up the hill stairs and then turn left to go across a dirt and dead logged area with a very dangerous steep downhill side. He stomps his boots into the dirt for better traction. It looks pretty scary and I almost decide the risk of sliding down hill is too great, but I decide to go for it. I walk carefully but lightly over the dirt ridge area. I do so safely. Next is a straight up "chimney" like structure with ropes hanging down. Jock goes up hand over hand shouting and grunting and swearing. I follow him up, going hand over hand fairly easily. (175 words)
#1807 (1991-03-31)

I'm at an office. Marv C and I are very attracted to each other, sexually. He moves toward me, trying to get me to kiss him. I want to, but he's married and so I choose not to get involved with him. He keeps following me and cuddling up. I'd be tempted but then I'd see his wife or think she's there. He kisses me sweetly with great sexual need and I feel a powerful surge of desire and I can't fight it any more, so I respond and we make love. It's wonderful. (94 words)
#1808 (1991-03-31)

There is this black man in the jungle and I am sort of him. He's a lucky man. Nobody has much of anything, but he's managed to charm a wild horse into being his so he can ride. He lies sleeping on the ground one night and a huge snake comes up and stares at him. The man/me wakes up and feels fear and then a resignation. This is a big, powerful snake and it already has the drop on him. There is no way can he fight or run, so he smiles at the snake and waits for his death. The snake is pleased with his bravery and befriends him. So wherever the man goes, so goes the snake. People can hear it slithering through the grasses as the man rides his horse. Now the man, horse and snake cross a river to visit a hut there; a beautiful young woman lives there. They chat and then the man rides away to visit a white friend who does research. Now I leave the man, horse and snake outside the wooden house and walk in to visit. This white man is also very lucky. Most people don't even have a house. He's got a bedroom, a refrigerator and he opens it up to show me he even has lots of packages of frozen pineapples, a rare and healthy treat. I now go out to find the man, horse and snake but they've gone off on some excursion. I hope they come back. (252 words)
#1810 (1991-04-02)

A young man is a good wrestler but he didn't register on time so he can't officially wrestle. He wrestles because he's good and enjoys doing it. He's so good that his opponent takes a long time even being able to move from the start position. Later he and a midget wrestle as a demonstration. Everyone is impressed. (58 words)
#1811 (1991-04-03)

Blake and I are in a counseling session. He's invited me there because he's trying to work through all his issues and I was once important in his life. The counselor asks questions and then the door opens and in walks his family, mom, sisters, cousins and so on. It's a family counseling session. I have a conversation with his mom. She says, "I'm his mom," and then she tells me she makes all her xmas presents. I say, "What a coincidence, so did I, knitting and crocheting." (88 words)
#1815 (1991-04-05)

Sort of that same house, only back further to the living area and bedrooms. Relatives are arriving. Aunt Naomi is there. A naked man is standing in the hall about to go into his bedroom. He's chatting with some other men and all I see is his back. I notice it looks very nice, broad shoulders, firm butt and then I say, "Hey, you can't expect to just say hello to my Aunt like that." Aunt Naomi gets embarrassed and turns into another bedroom (my father or Dwight) to avoid staring at him. I go into the next room and see several couch beds. Grandma Mildred and a female cousin are seated and they look exhausted, staring, tired eyes. I say, "You look so tired! Lie down and rest." My cousin is eating dip from a steaming hot bowl. It burns her mouth, but she keeps trying. Behind her, cuddled up in blankets, is my father sort of laughing at my cousin. (162 words)
#1816 (1991-04-07)

I am swimming in a large swimming pool made of rocks cemented together, volcanic rock. It's crowded, lots of people, older women in pink suits, etc. I swim slowly and carefully, staying in the medium deep place where it's not over my head. I am aware of how out of shape I am! I slowly stretch and exercise my muscles. It feels good. When I hang on to the rocks on the side, some of them break off in my hand. They are kind of crumbly and "incompetent." I try to put them back. [BL] (94 words)
#1817 (1991-04-07)

Bonnie wants information on where to get newborn sizes of sleepers. I have notes that Bill from Total Mo made and I show her the number of the page. She writes it down incorrectly and I get annoyed and say, "It'd go faster if I wrote it; here let me." (I feel like I have to pee and I'm in a hurry.) She's slow and continues writing. I point out the columns for sizes and type. Then I excuse myself to go pee. I step out on a balcony and sit on a rock edge and pee. I see it coming out from under my skirt and foaming out on the floor. I think to myself, "It is amazing. I'll just pee anywhere," and I wonder if I'll have to clean it up, or if someone will notice, or if my skirt will stink. (144 words)
#1818 (1991-04-07)

My "daughter" is helping me put finger nail polish remover on my nails and some spots on my fingers too. It's thick and gooey and it sits for a few seconds and then it's all gone, polish and all. We put some on a paper to remove a few messy spots. It doesn't work as well. Then she reaches into my blouse from the back of my neck and says, "Found these," and hands me two ornate bracelets. There are some red hearts on one, same color as nail polish. I say, "How could I have two bracelets hooked to my bra strap and not know it?" She shrugs and skips away. I am angry at her for using me and lying like that. She must have taken the bracelets and pretended to "find them" in my bra strap. Boy, am I going to scold her when I catch up to her. (152 words)
#1819 (1991-04-08)

Valerie is very angry at my mother. She's following her around yelling at her for being a bad mom. There is a small baby. She's crying, so I pick her up. I go into a living room and lie on a couch with the baby girl on top of me. The girl cries "Why is she so mean? Why doesn't she love me?" "She loves you, she just doesn't know how to take care of you and show her love." (I think of Ellie and I think of me.) Then I'm coming home from an all-day festival or fair. I'd stayed until the last act was almost through and now hurried home to pack. I knew Lucy and Mary would be upset for me not coming to pack up until the last minute and I walk in saying, "I've got it under control. You won't have to help." I go to each room grabbing up sacks and boxes of my things. In the bedroom, Charla is there too! Lucy comes in from taking care of Clarisa and rolls up my sleeping bag for me. I ask Charla if she could help me carry some things and she says no. I feel angry and powerless but choose to not respond that way. I cheerfully say, "OK," and I pick it all up myself, trying to make a game of it, to entice Charla to help. (234 words)
#1820 (1991-04-09)

I am directing an open air play/movie. It's a rocky terrain and yet it's in a building. There is a high wall with very high windows like in a gym. Bright sun is beaming through the windows and I ask someone to go block it. Someone puts an Indian blanket over the window, but it doesn't help. Someone says the kleig lights were left on. I stop the actors and say, "Let's take a look at the rooms and layout so we know where to move." I draw a square on a blackboard and label one the living room. Then I say you know, like the "salon." Then I'm watching the actors and I stop them and say, "You don't have to shout. Here, let me show you." I run over and do Mark's lines as he watches. I walk up a few rocky steps toward the female actor and say softly, "Let me press your hand one more time." Then I change the line to, "Let me take your hand one more time." Then I run back to the camera and look through it to see how it all looks. I notice some Indians sliding down the hill on tires and I am annoyed. It's right in our playing area. (211 words)
#1821 (1991-04-10)

I choose to wear a lovely dark blue and white polka dot dress and matching hat. It's a bit transparent. I wear a slip under it and look very pretty and sexy. I go into a room and a man, slightly overweight, husky build, is very attracted to me. (He's Katrina's brother.) I am shy. He gently pursues me. I am interested, but things keep interrupting. Paulina is there and I try to turn up the thermostat in the room. He tenderly follows me, waiting. I say, "I'm not ignoring you really." Then we are going to kiss and Paulina walks through and wants to know if I'm leaving with her at 4:30 am. I say, "No, go on ahead, I'll leave later." Then I get honest and say, "And maybe I won't go." She catches on, smiles and leaves. We go into a bedroom to kiss and make love. Now the scene changes and I have quite an obstacle course to go through. I must hop from one cement post to another with huge alligators leaping and snapping at my heels (spelled it "heals"). Then I move hand to hand across the wall full of drawers by the handles. Some are open and I peek in, nothing too interesting, some smelly gym clothes. Then we get to a room and scary people are in the closets and so on and if only he and I ignore all this and love each other anyway, then it will all go away. (250 words)
#1823 (1991-04-11)

I am walking down a coast highway in the dark. A woman dressed in the 1950's bouffant hairdo, petticoats and white heels is walking right in the road. We call to her, "Oh. Miss, excuse me, Miss!" She does not respond. Then she's in her car but there's no lights on. We call again. Then she gets out and lets the car go on without her. We hear it crashing. Is she crazy? I run into the dark and then someone turns on flashlights so I can see. I catch up with her. I realize she's deaf and I try to speak in sign language but I don't know enough. She's very upset and I realize she's doing all this in a panicked attempt to get to the hospital before 5:30 because if her friend isn't removed before 5:30 it will cost $232 or $238 more for an extra day and they can't afford that! I reassure her the checkout time is midnight. She is relieved. (166 words)
#1824 (1991-04-11)

Now I'm visiting Ginny and Ernie. But Ginny is very busy. She has lots of things to do, so I just hang out with her, kind of disappointed that we can't kick back and relax. Ginny has diarrhea and Ernie has a hurt back (bad back or shoulder). He talks about therapy he has to do. We decide to go out to eat. We drive. I'm in passenger seat looking for a restaurant. He finds a very fancy one, a "Shakespeare" restaurant, but we all agree we couldn't afford it. I ask, "What's the next town?" I see indentations in the sand and then I remember it's snow. It's a photo I took, round eye holes in footprint-like shapes (see drawing). (121 words)
#1825 (1991-04-13)

I had recently moved into this house and now I'm getting divorced and moving out again. I open drawers and pull out posters and papers. A poster I made has a face I drew of an old bearded man, Freud. "Reviving Freud," it said. I see notes from college classes in PE, Health and Anatomy. I almost decide to keep them but decide not to. I'll never look at them again. I see some Library of Congress tapes in a closet. A woman friend says, "I've already read them, or I'd take them back for you." I'm a little annoyed with her. A true friend would do me the favor even if it didn't give her something at the same time. I start to roller skate through the empty rooms. I go toward the back of the house and into the kitchen. I look out a window and see a small, black, old sports car, the new tenant's car. Then I feel uneasy and realize I should go look in the closet. The "answers" may be there, long ago forgotten. I hesitate and fearfully go open a closet door in the bedroom. I look and see a telephone, an old-fashioned wooden wall phone. Then I open my eyes wider and it changes to a sideways view of my night table, like I'd really forced my eyes open as I slept. (230 words)
#1826 (1991-04-13)

A man is showing me how to do something on a computer. My head is against his chest and we stay there hugging gently, except we are both pretending we aren't really hugging, we are simply working on the computer. I feel sad. Then we break apart and I say, "Hug me" Now he's older and overweight. He says, "Hug her" and points to Katrina. I say, "No problem, she's a friend." I hug her and say, "But it's not the same." He sighs and says, "I suppose we'll have to go to bed then." I feel sad and disappointed. All I wanted was a hug. (106 words)
#1827 (1991-04-14)

I am at home trying to get everything straightened out. I'm moving the furniture so there's more room and its not so crowded. Someone comes to the door. I suddenly realized I'd forgotten rehearsal and the four cast members are at the door. I apologize and ask them in. We'll do a read through here at home. I see a small square card table but it has no legs. I see a round dining table and we go there. (79 words)
#1828 (1991-04-14)

I'm at auditions. I chose my cast, four of them. Howie is glad I've chosen him and assures me that he was thrown out of the other production through no fault of his own. I don't believe him and feel uneasy that I've chosen him. He said the other teacher was Dan S and Jim G. I feel relieved it was only music teachers. I talk with Jock about who I've chosen. He openly grins at me at mention of Howie. "That nut! He's no good," he says. I feel embarrassed and then resolutely stand my ground. "I chose him," I say. "Huh," Jock responds. (105 words)
#1830 (1991-04-14)

A small baby is handed to me to breast feed. She's tired and listless and barely shows interest. I'm amazed that I have milk. She gets the taste and then sucks in the whole nipple and feeds. I feel glad, then I hand her back to the man who gave her to me. The baby is now a rambunctious little animal that frisks and is hard to hold on to. (70 words)
#1832 (1991-04-15)

I am in a building and go to the Performing Arts Dept. I ask a man if I could take a quick tour rather than pay to see the concert. He hesitates and asks, "You mean like 20 minutes?" and I say "Yes." He points to a door at the left. There are four doors in a row. I stand there. He opens it and I am now standing at the top of a long stairway that goes down through the seats to an enormous area now being used as a skating rink. I think tiredly of all those stairs, but then to my surprise, its a moving escalator. We travel easily down and then around on the flat area too. I turn to the man and say, "What a relief. I usually travel in a wheelchair." We go past the stages and I peek under the curtains. "How nice," I say, "People can come here to get autographs. Are there these belts on the stage?" "Oh yes," he says. I am pleased. Disabled performers can work here too. (179 words)
#1833 (1991-04-16)

I'm at a convention for disabled people, a big crowd. I watch the entertainment. I look down at my legs and see large pink buttons had been sewn on to them. I am very surprised and asked Ellie when this happened. Surely I'd remember such a painful event. She and I discuss different times it could have happened. I see a rock group and go up to them. The lead singer/guitarist is a mean guy that wants me. I don't like him and walk away. He follows me, very demanding and pushy. Ellie likes him and I say, "But you don't understand, he nearly raped me. He's horrible!" (108 words)
#1835 (1991-04-18)

I bring a man into my bedroom. We are talking. My father comes in and disapproves. He wants the young man out of there. I sit down with my father and gently yet firmly tell him that I will keep him there. We hadn't done anything and won't. It's my room and my life and I'll decide what's appropriate. (59 words)
#1839 (1991-04-19)

I am swimming, holding a baby girl. She and I are flying just above the water because we swim so effortlessly. I get cocky and we're flying/swimming over a huge expanse of water. Suddenly "my little girl" is there too and we start floundering. She goes under and I have a terrible dilemma. Do I let go of the one to save the other and endanger myself as well? I dive for her and find her. Now I'm working hard to keep all of us afloat. I see a huge rubber life raft and we get in it, only it must have a leak in it because it's very limp and water is getting in. We fold up the limp parts and I ask the girls to bail. We manage to stay afloat. We float over to an opening in the wall and I see monsters, three ugly things. They capture me and put me in a cage with it hanging over some boiling oil or black sewage gunk. If I don't choose one of these uglies to marry, they'll dump me in the gunk. I don't know which fate is worse. I decide to choose one of the uglies. [BL] (200 words)
#1840 (1991-04-21)

I was on the 14th floor of a building. There are dead bodies down the hall. Someone has killed them. I go toward that area to see what happened. The security guard suddenly gets up off the floor. He is the killer. I run away and he chases. I see an elevator and run down the hall for it, like in slow motion, trying as fast as I can. I barely make it and he nearly gets me as the door closes. I call 911 and yell "Help, the ____________ building on se Cascade, the 14th floor." (97 words)
#1841 (1991-04-21)

There are long hallways and corridors that all keep going down. I don't want to go, but am drawn. I go down long stairs that curve, feeling scared. I enter a room that is luxurious, a waiting lobby before you enter the Prince's room. A woman is there and the Prince rejects her. I am hiding behind a curtain, watching, and he sees me and I come out. We talk. He seems to like me. (75 words)
#1842 (1991-04-21)

I go to the house in T City. A man and woman, married, are there and very upset with each other. She cries and is despondent. She wants to leave him. I counsel her to stay. It will blow over. I get in the car and drive away, only the ocean is across the road and high waves are coming. I throw the car in reverse and back up quickly, back to the house. I go in to discover the two have killed each other, a murder/suicide thing. I am guilty, sad and upset. A small little girl cries. We have to stay the night because the road is blocked by the water. The girl is afraid to stay, but I console her, saying it will give us time to get used to it and forgive and learn to not be afraid of it. The next morning the man's spirit appears and forgives us. We go in peace. (158 words)
#1846 (1991-04-23)

I'm at my Aunt Millie's. I look in a mirror and see a Bugs Bunny figure reflected from the other room behind me. I tell Millie, but she's not impressed. I look again and the figure has changed into a cute angel named Millie. She flies into the room I'm in and we smile at each other. She has a short dark pageboy hairdo and a cute round face. She's going to fly through the wall, but gets stuck because of some cellophane ribbon material, part metallic, that I had hung on the wall. She pops back into the room and I point out a bare space on the wall. I pull out a small, thin nail that might impede her travels. She tries again and gets through. Aunt Millie's husband is out back gathering up stuff. I'm supposed to dive into a swim pool and get the orange juice container. I hesitate and then dive. As I'm underwater, an invisible snake-like creature called a Heffalump curls around me and assists. It scares me and I'm told it's there to help me, learn to trust it. I tell it telepathically what objects I need, then I dive in and she gently creates a place for me to rest like a leaf to sit on and then she efficiently gets my objects for me. I am pleased with her and admire her powers and gracefulness. She is gentle. (237 words)
#1847 (1991-04-25)

I'm outdoors and I see this guy and we get to talking and flirting. I kind of like him and as we are chatting, I lie down on a picnic table like thing and we're hugging and talking and then I feel the top of his penis inside and I'm surprised. I pull away and he is disappointed; it took him some work to get that far out there in public, all of us fully dressed. I apologize and we decide to go on upstairs to my room. I had thought we were going to go downtown and have fun, but I shrug. After all, it's pretty obvious he wants sex and it could be fun and we can go out together later. So I agree and we go upstairs. I think, "This is kind of neat because this guy is Peter Sellers and now that we're being intimate and having fun, he'll be interested in a playscript I'll write especially for him and then I'll become rich and famous, just like a dream coming true." Now we're in a room and both are naked. He's lying in bed under the sheets and he looks different. He has long curly hair like Arlo Guthrie. I'm standing up, pacing at the foot of the bed, on the bed. Before we got to the room, I remember thinking, "I'm glad he's overweight because then he won't be turned off by my droopy 47-year-old body." (242 words)
#1853 (1991-04-30)

I am making love to a man like Billy Crystal. I am very sweet and tender, loving. He sobs, "I can't have sex with you because you make me feel so loved and cared for, I can't concentrate." I feel unhappy, because I'd like to go on, it feels good. Later, he is able to manage sexually and we have a pleasant orgasm. (63 words)
#1855 (1991-05-01)

I am in a car with Tom Hanks. I make witty remarks and do impressions of famous voices. I do Jimmy Stewart. We're in front of a movie theatre that features male stars like Stewart, John Wayne and so on. Tom looks at me and says, "Are you auditioning?" I realize I am. (53 words)
#1857 (1991-05-02)

I'm Cary Grant's wife and we are in a comedy 1930's movie. He wants to buy a lottery ticket and I ask how much and he says, "1,000 dollars and a tuppance." I am indignant. "A tuppance?" I say, "That's too much to ask! A tuppance, indeed." He does his comedic "Hum" double take and then points to the line of people waiting to buy tickets. A young woman announces her mother works at a bank at the other end of the mall. I think, "What clever foreshadowing because he'll want to borrow money later in the plot and it's all set up where and how." He then suggests to me that we offer to pay off the other people and then we'll get the winning ticket and be rich. I smile indulgently like a good movie actress wife. He does this and all the people scurry off to collect. He turns to me and says, "Uh oh, I don't have 8 thousand dollars to pay them with. Maybe they'll forget and go home." We are going toward them. One man tries to get around Cary, and Cary says, "Tsk Tsk. Now I won't tell you where the elephant is." The man goes quickly by as Cary comedically watches from the turn style (the long way). He says, "Will you look at that? He went around the elephant. Hum!" The elephant is a shortcut path to the lines. We get to the lines and I see Cary's other wife in the other line. (253 words)
#1858 (1991-05-02)

I am going to direct student actors doing a couple of pages of MacBeth. I recruit a black man and Warf. We find an empty classroom and I tell Warf to leap up to the black man's chest and push off with his feet, a spectacularly dramatic fight scene. As they are rehearsing, a professor comes to the door and is quite belligerent about us leaving. I walk right up to his face and argue eloquently about our right to be there. He is angry but goes away. Now it is opening night. I'm in a manual chair and have to pull myself up eight steps to get to the stage door. I go on stage to announce the piece. The mike is too high. I launch into a very moving speech describing each obstacle I had to deal with to get this piece on stage. The audience is far away and off to the right, but they are moved by my difficulties as I describe them. I tell them there was only one classroom accessible enough for rehearsal, then the professor discriminating against us. "He got in my face, well, actually, I got into his too." Everyone chuckled. I described how I had to pull myself and my chair hand over hand up the stairs and then the mike was set for a standing person. "Naturally you would do that because all your experience is your own able-bodied self, so how could you know what it's like to be in a chair? But dare to expand, take the challenge and enjoy our differences. Celebrate our diversity. Don't be afraid of it." They gave me a standing ovation. I was quite pleased. (282 words)
#1859 (1991-05-08)

Howard and I are in bed. He wants to make love. He tries to kiss me. I am repulsed and sad. I feel empathy and sadness for him because he wants it/me so badly. I feel so sad for me too. I want sex, love and relationship and to say no to him means saying no to myself as well. But I can't get over the repulsion I feel. He cries and says, "You used to be so beautiful," meaning when I was younger. I am surprised. Maybe he is finally able to express his emotions! But as he continues to talk, he clearly stays in a logical, digital based conversation. I am disappointed. Then I hear about a Wash. DC Senator (also Howard) who's thinking of suicide. I ask him if he will. He says no. (137 words)
#1860 (1991-05-09)

The landscape is flat, barren, and wet like rows and rows of planted things that haven't started growing above ground yet. Creepy crawly things that are poisonous live all over these rows. There's only one small island free of all this yucky stuff. A woman says, "My ugly daughter is at the island. Some man lured her there to make love." I'm amazed this woman is so open about her ugly daughter. I'm a little offended she would consider her daughter ugly and say so. I go out at night walking on the rows where the creepy things are. I am bare foot and concerned they'll get me. I envision rubber boots on my feet to protect me. I feel better now. I see one of the things that looked like a clam shell with antennas that was eating other things. I feel sad and repulsed when it eats a baby thing. I see it crunching something and see the remains, a tiny pearl necklace and some lace (like it had been a baby). Earlier, I had a cat in my arms and I see two huge insects and I put the cat down and he eats them, crunching loudly as they twitch. (Ugh...) (Somewhere in there Sonja and Nate come in and I say, "Were you at T City, too?" They say, "No.") 1729, 1730, 1731 do not exist. (230 words)
#1863 (1991-06-02)

I see a bear off in the distance. It's the one my father, an Indian Chief, has happily pursued and hunted for years. It's his great joy to try and capture this bear. It is coming toward me and I must protect myself or it will kill me. I have my father's .22 rifle. I shoot at the bear over and over, but it only enrages him and he's close now. I aim for the eye and shoot and shoot. Now he's on top of me, mauling me. I keep shooting and finally it dies. I crawl out from under it and crawl, bleeding and maimed, to my father's horse. I put my father's rifle in the holster on the saddle and ride back to tell my father I have killed his bear. I am worried he will be upset because I've brought to an end his favorite sport. I see a small, naked Native American man. He's out of shape and his body fat is down around the belly and hips. He tries to suck it all in and his chest rises to look more manly. [BL] (187 words)
#1866 (1991-06-04)

I'm running through a crowd of people, a man is chasing me. I mostly just see his wrist and the suit and shirt cuffs. He's very tall. He's smiling. He's going to rape or hurt me. I look around for help, trying to stay in the crowds. I see a police station, but it's a block away and no one's around. I try to run for it, but can't run very well or fast so I turn back to the relative safety of the crowd. He's closing in on me. I try to hide under a decorative table cloth, small round table, two big, round cloths draping it. It's not going to help. I start shaking from fear. (118 words)
#1868 (1991-06-04)

A man, Claude, is dancing ballet on stage with a group. I am watching from backstage. It all looks fun, cultural and nice, I keep moving around to see him better. I realize I'm sort of on stage at one point and move out of the way. After the dance, he comes over. We are shy, but like each other. I'm seated on a chair and he sits on the same chair. We are close and talking. Then he puts me on his lap. I hope I don't weight too much. I wish I'd lost some weight. We have coffee/tea, drink and chat, really enjoying each other's company. [BL] (108 words)
#1869 (1991-06-05)

I am a counselor at a prison. My boss is a principle. I go to his office. He's a nice enough guy. He has two knickknack shelves. One holds five pots of coffee, the coffee can being part of the pot. Each one is brewing. The other shelf has red glass vases and pitchers and pretties. It's probably his wife's stuff that there wasn't enough room at home to show. I realize he doesn't even offer me a cup of coffee, which is a good thing because I don't like coffee, but it is a bit insensitive. It's time for me to meet (written "meat") my two very fat counselees. I am dressed pretty, but change into glasses, a big sweater to disguise my womanness so I won't distract them. It doesn't work, of course. My course of therapy is to have them swim, and we talk about their pain. They don't open up to it easily. They are hardened criminals. (161 words)
#1870 (1991-06-05)

I'm still working as a counselor. I have a daily appt. with this one group just before 5:00 quitting time. I give them a list of math problems and I observe them as they try to solve these unsolvable puzzles and that's the real test, how they deal with frustration. I give my "father" a test because he's curious about it. I think, "This will be interesting to observe. I'll learn something about him." He bites his lip and paces, very unhappy he can't figure it out. I explain to them they are gibberish for a reason, because it would be awful. In this volatile prison environment if some got the problems and others didn't, then the one who didn't get it would really feel stupid! Their self-esteem is already at a low. Some women teachers interrupt because it's past 5:00 and they come to collect their papers and things. I see a paper with a finger nail polish bottle attached to it. It belongs to one of the women. Another day I come to see a guest speaker working with the group. He's got a whole theory built around the shape of breads (rolls and buns) and the process of eating them. I listen as he talks about being real and connected with your feelings. The woman counselor sits next to me, very distraught and puts her head on my shoulder, weeping. It's too much to bear. He's fake, just like he's telling clients not to be. She cries, "I can't bear it," and tries to nibble at my lower lip for security. I stop her because it's not appropriate. (271 words)
#1871 (1991-06-15)

I am dreaming, I am aware I am working through that old question of am I a latent lesbian. In the dream I am very sexually hungry and I present an image of a naked woman and I feel sexually excited. Then as an experiment, I present an image of a cat and I feel equally excited. So the conclusion is that when I'm sexually awake, any image will be colored in the sexual feeling. Maybe I shouldn't let myself get so needy and hungry. (85 words)
#1873 (1991-06-20)

I'm in a rectangular room. A man "Briggs" is the investigating agent to find out what had killed my mother. As I watch him, I realize he's actually the one that murdered her, and he's going to get me too. I am left alone in this room with him. He goes outside to get a huge black pig and brings it in to kill me. I accept the challenge and reach for a metal stick, like my brake lever on my chair. Then I reach on the wall for a white dust pan. He rushes me and I try to force the dustpan up his throat. As we fight, he becomes a tiny white piglet and I roust him out of the room. (123 words)
#1878 (1991-07-01)

I am a part of a crowd of college graduates that are taking a traditional walk out to a point on a peninsula. There are so many of us that every inch of land is covered. We are wearing caps and gowns, all black. As we walk, different speakers give eloquent speeches of tradition - history, philosophy, etc. All the knowledge as it has been, being repeated word for word as it always has. No one can speak or interrupt or change the words. We solemnly walk to the very end. Some of the people on the outside edge, I am one of them, are almost pushed off into the water, it's so crowded. We turn and walk back. Now there are long tables set up for the banquet. I walk down (on the table) to find my place. I see Michael J. Fox seated opposite. I pause, we look at each other with speaking, glances, we love each other but I am married to Howard. He's actually the graduate here; I'm a student wife. I continue on to the end of the table. Howard and I sit. Now it is time for everyone to write new knowledge, ideas, and the best one will be chosen and read for all to hear. The male announcer says, "Doyle" (the paper chase lawyer-teacher). He stands. The announcer says, "There was a tie. One more, who isn't actually a student, but a wife." He calls my name and I stand on the table, surprised, pleased and concerned that my husband will feel outdone. (260 words)
#1879 (1991-07-01)

My "baby" is sick. So Howard takes her across the street to the doctor's office. I wait and then get worried. I should have gone with them. I look in the window and see them seated, waiting. I go in, but I can't find them now. I ask a woman clerk where the doctor's. office is. She won't tell me and I push past her and go looking. I find a series of curtained off cubicles Howard and the baby are in one. I join them, sitting by where they are lying down to wait for the doctor. (98 words)
#1880 (1991-07-06)

I am sharing a room with four other people - Aunt Elaine, Uncle Benjamin, me and one other woman. It is confusing at first who all is supposed to be in this room. Aunt Elaine says there are three beds, so three of us can stay. Uncle Bus leaves. At first I only see one bed, but I decide to believe on faith that there are three. I turn and see two more single pink beds on the far wall. I also see two more sliding doors, and through a crack I see more beds, one with a plaid coverlet, and I see the movement of someone's knees and realize someone else has that room. I see a door that could lead to a bathroom. We are at a sort of retreat and we each have to take a turn at cleaning up after a meal. The food isn't very good and Aunt and I decide (her suggestion) we go to town to have dinner. I think about the added expense and the waste, but agree. I am now looking through a book. It has some pictures of young boys and men. The other woman likes one of the pictures and wonders who it is. I look through to see if I can find more information. I see the name Hans Solo. I chuckle because that's from "Darth Vader" movies and mention that my Aunt had a different memory connection to the name. The number 512 is mentioned and I can't remember why the number seems familiar. (257 words)
#1881 (1991-07-06)

Now I'm in a room full of women. They are all talking and laughing. They throw dice. I am annoyed, perhaps tired and sleepy, and suggest that I throw the dice and if I win, they have to clear a quadrant of the room so I can have it to myself to sleep and have quiet. They are insulted but agree. I throw two big fluffy dice and I can't count the round black buttons correctly. At first it looks like 8 or 9. Then a woman says its 4 20's. That means I won. Someone suggests I go out and sleep in the hall, where one of the dice had rolled. I am agreeable; it's further from the noisy chatter; but I stay in the room and sleep on my quadrant that I won. I wish they'd quiet down so I could sleep (curled up on the floor.) [BL] (149 words)
#1884 (1991-07-18)

I want to go to the bathroom real bad and am aware that I am dreaming and therefore must not find a toilet. I find one and think, "No, I'm still dreaming. If I am awake, I'd have my eyes open." I'd try to force my eyes open. Once they opened and I fell asleep again. Then I found a toilet and a huge stream of urine rushed down my leg, puddling on the floor. (75 words)
#1885 (1991-07-18)

It's Halloween and I'm looking for something in the house to give so I won't have to go to the store and buy more. The rooms are long and full of furniture (see drawing). At least the kitchen has at least three sets of tables and chairs. The living room is spacious. I find containers of hard candy and taffy left over from a year ago and decide to use that, but I see some spots on a sheet of candy and wonder if its moldy and spoiled. I decide not to use it, just in case. I go to the door. The children come in, having been trick-or- treating. They have huge bags filled with candy. I think about asking if I can give it away to trick and treaters, but decide that wouldn't be fair. I see Jake babysitting the babies. He's working hard. I invite him to join us in the living room where there's more room and more fun. I see one of the tables in the kitchen area is gone and am glad to have more space. I have bags of old pretzels and cheese puffs to give to the trick and treaters, but they are small. I hope I have enough to go around so I won't have to go to the store and spend money and get more. (225 words)
#1887 (1991-07-20)

Jock and I are talking. He is gentle. He says its time to go to Dover. I say, "Yeah. The only things holding me here are the playwright class and Ellie and Charla." Then I look in my purse for my pills. I have a hard time finding them. I had changed purses and they had fallen out of their bottles. I finally eat all the right ones. Now I'm crossing a street. A woman walks with me on the left (Kern, the stage manager of "Fame" at the community college). She gently pushes me toward the right in a curved line and points to cars coming down a hill. "We'd be safer on the right." I agree and move. Now I see a row of motel/apartment rooms. They are plain and small. I go in one and try to turn down the stereo so it won't disturb the neighbors. The knob is wobbly and nearly comes off. Ellie says to Samantha (her roommate), "You can have her old stereo," (or she asks me if Samantha can have it). I'm a little upset, I'd been thinking of selling it for extra money and didn't appreciate her cavalier appropriations. (198 words)
#1889 (1991-07-22)

I am auditioning for a play. A woman holds a male black and white spotted cat in her arms. The cat is soft and sweet and affectionate. He licks her cheek, giving her a bath. I smile and hold out my arms. I've decided to cast this cat for sure. I hold him and pet him. He is so joyful to be around. I am very happy to have him. As I am petting him and aware of the softness of his fur, a young girl (woman) with short, dark hair auditions. I know she wants the mother part, but I've already cast that to another actress. I say, "Would you be willing to play the daughter part?" Her name is Kitty. She doesn't want to, but I know she'll change her mind later and it will all work out. (140 words)
#1893 (1991-07-25)

Nate is back. He calls me Bridgette and is trying to make himself useful so he can hang out with us. He sort of ignores me. I feel a longing to hug and kiss him, but he's too busy moving things around. It's kind of a refection of me, especially when he deliberately calls me Bridgette. I say, "It would help if you called me by the right name." I know he's pretending he's mixing me up with another of his women. Another woman called Sonja tells him to straighten up the books. I see a shelf of very large "oversized" books. It's Howard's and my collection. Nice books: Art, Cosmos, etc. Then she tells him to go find out the name of this crip talking rock she hands him. "That's too hard," I say. He leaves the room in search, looking at me like "Oh, yeah? Too hard, huh? You'll see. I can do it." He comes back in with an opened book on rocks. He's holding the rock up to a picture and they are identical. He calls it a long Latin-like name. I am surprised he could find it. He then takes off his shirt, maybe to get down to work. I notice he's gained some weight and it looks good on him. I want to go hug him and cuddle, but he moves on. He's now straightening up the magazines on the coffee table. One is Life Magazine and the front cover picture looks alive. It's an astronaut that had the front part of his skull removed and electrodes put on his brain, raw and red, so he can be monitored as he's out in space. It's gruesome looking. (283 words)
#1898 (1991-07-30)

I am at work/school and tired. I want to go home and look around to see if things are done. I notice that I haven't finished my work for the day. There are clothes to be folded and put away. I sigh and go get it done. I separate the skirts, the underslips and the tops into different piles. I find pieces of a dress pattern pinned to a cork board at the bottom of the laundry pile. I start to take the pin out and put the pattern away, but can't remember if the person making the dress has cut the cloth yet. So I leave it, just in case. I now feel ready to go and can't find my purse. A young man walks in and I abruptly ask him what he wants. I realize a class will be coming in soon. Ellie is hanging around not being helpful. I can't find my car keys and I see more clothes to put away. I feel tired and frustrated. I remember the purse is in the closets among more piles of clothes. Dream work: bars of jail and bars (as in taverns) and bars of music long (horror?) jail could be coffin, the living dead. "Let me out" appears in both titles! (213 words)
#1899 (1991-07-30)

I and my companion come to the house to try and kill a dragon who had been threatening me. I am worried because I don't know which way he's coming from. I can't protect front and back. We are at a window looking into this house. Now, later, inside the house, a group of people are also afraid of the dragon. They form a circle and each one alternating, facing front or back so all sides are protected. One smaller one isn't holding hands and it's looking up the chimney. I worry that he will wander away and leave us vulnerable. Now the dragon (like my stuffed dragon) flies down and looks in the window and says, "Come out or I'll kill you." I laugh, "No way!" The dragon says it won't do any good for us to resist because he'll just breathe in smoke into the house and we'll have to come out. I, he says, won't. "By the way, we'll get your brother too." I feel fearful that he's right, but I stay in the house. My brother (me) outside the house walks. He had my capacity to see in all directions. (194 words)
#1900 (1991-07-31)

My mother is on her knees by my bed and she's very intense. I get up and leave, telling her not to be so intense around me. "A circle complete." A man wins a red convertible "scat wagon" car. I admire it and we agree we'll both own it. I say, "I like to drive." He's happy because he doesn't like to drive. It's a perfect symbiotic relationship. I am driving. I stop to say goodbye to a friend. (79 words)
#1901 (1991-08-01)

"Alcoholism is a disease of the brain and I find it hard to leave." Nate's wife is mad. I go to a house and walk in. Nate is there. I am wanting to go hug him and aware that I should leave. We talk as I struggle with my torn feelings. Then his wife walks in and Nate, standing behind me, puts his arms around me, sort of a hug and sort of to restrain me from leaving in a playful, serious way. He says my name loudly several times and I'm embarrassed. Now he's done it. She'll recognize me for sure. She does. She is angry that I am back. Nate hangs on to me as I try to get him to release me. She and I talk. She is angry and I am trying to be plain now. I did not know he was here and accidentally came to the door. She doesn't believe me. So why don't I leave then, if my intention sare honorable. She tells me, "Alcoholism is a disease of the brain." He's a sick man and I must leave. I'll make it worse for him. I know she's right and find it hard to leave. A younger woman is in the room. I finally get him to let go of me. (218 words)
#1904 (1991-08-02)

I am going to the White House to meet the President of the U.S. He is a bachelor. I have to go down to the basement and get clearance. I am aware in the dream of a feeling that I look very good and I am to be respected and then he will fall in love with me. I look around for the woman who gives clearance. She is not around. I am tempted to just go up the back steps, but decide to do it right so I won't get into trouble. I open a door and find the woman who is very fat, like 500 ton or 1,000 lbs. She is lying down and uncomfortable. There is a mirror near her head like a pillow. A man (her husband) sits behind her head, facing me. He's there to help her, a co-dependent, lazy kind of guy. She is grumpy but gives clearance (permission). I go upstairs. The President opens the door; he's talking to someone and turns and does a double take as he sees me. He's already interested. I come in confident. (185 words)
#1906 (1991-08-03)

I am in a room. Mabel and several other women are there. I walk past them to talk with a man. One woman asks me why I chose to ignore Mabel and talk to the man, and why I am angry and being sarcastic. I feel angry that she accuses me of this and begin to explain that I wasn't angry. I simply wanted to talk to the man. I realize as I'm talking that the woman is right, and I feel caught and embarrassed. I take a deep breath and, still angry, I try to be honest. I say, "I apologize if I offended or hurt. I have old habits that I learned from my parents." I go on to explain about my mother, her anger and indirect ways of expression. I say, "I'm trying to change." (138 words)
#1907 (1991-08-04)

A man is trying to seduce me. He is outside the house and crying to weasel his way in. I call 911. A woman officer comes in and asks questions. She wants to verify if I'm a federal employee. I say, "Yes, I am" but I am wondering if I'm really being accurate. She says formally, "I wish to apologize to you. It was our fault." Meanwhile this seductive guy is still in the house trying to get my attention. I resist him. A small baby girl starts to go happily toward him. He's encouraging her because then he'll have me. I try to prevent it and take the girl away. Another man is there (maybe Howard, husband type) and he takes the little girl for me. (127 words)
#1915 (1991-08-11)

I am looking at an ornate picture that Paulina has drawn. I say to Kenneth, "Look at this. There is something sweet about her drawing," (ability). Then I see she is tracing pictures. I look again at her pictures and reassure myself there is still some original creativity there because after she traces the form, she adds her own work inside it. I see the outline of a woman and a crude, but compelling face like my drawing in art class. I see another drawing of "Rose," a woman who looks like me, that Rochelle drew. Someone says, "Look, it looks like you in the face." Rochelle must have been thinking of me when she did it, perhaps unconsciously. I want to hold "Rose" and meditate for answers to what I'm doing to myself. I do so and I see a rolling muddy river with sticks in it. I laugh because I realize the symbols mean "she is beating herself up." The sticks then turn to turmoil and I know this means, "She is being shitty to herself, the trend." (180 words)
#1917 (1991-08-13)

Prom Dresses Over The Sink. I am in M City house. There is something about my parents. I go in the kitchen and see clothes hung up like in a closet only it's just across the kitchen area. I see several of my prom type dresses from high school, with scoop neck, bouffant skirts, blue, and one is yellow. I touch one and think it's rather course, cheap material, not like I remembered it. (74 words)
#1918 (1991-08-13)

Every morning someone brings me my little baby girl. She is so thrilled to see me. We hold out our arms for each other and she runs into my arms laughing and happy. We hug. After a few minutes, I hand her over to someone else and get busy with other things. She starts acting up to get my attention. (60 words)
#1923 (1991-08-18)

A woman is the boss. She tells us what to do. We volunteer to help at a store. It's been a hard day and I'm starting to go home. I pass a beat-up car in the grass and think I've seen that image before. Why am I seeing it again? It must mean something. Maybe I dreamed it. Another woman and I walk past (I'm in my wheelchair) the candy section in the store. She pulls off a box and opens it. I remember we get things for free because we work there. I say, "Wait," and turn to look at the selections. I see the ice-cream section and wonder if there's any sugar-free ones. I see the cookie section. There's a machine. The boss woman put dough in it and huge, sticky rolls come out. They aren't quite done right, a bit doughy but still delicious. People are eating them. I try a bite, wondering if all that sugar will affect my irregular heart beat. The boss woman is crazy and goes off. I guess she dies. The other woman says to me, "At least I talked Sweet Liberty from walking." She felt proud of that. (Sweet liberty is a woman who is upset at the crazy boss woman and almost left.) I offer to help at the counter and the other woman says no, there's not much I can do, being disabled. All I could do would be the easy parts that everyone wants to do, like the cash register. I say, "Now don't be too hasty. Let's check it out. I might be more help to you than you think." [BL] (273 words)
#1924 (1991-08-18)

I'm preparing for a math test. I'm not good at math and I tell people that. I have pages to study and I am trying to read them and quickly memorize as much as I can. It's time for the test. I go into a room off a living room. A brother is in the living room playing his radio loud. It distracts me. I am vaguely aware of a double screen window (see- through) where a woman is observing me. She hears me complain about the music and turns it off. I open the test packet and conscientiously try to answer without cheating. The woman or I am pleased, I'm doing the best I honestly can. (117 words)
#1925 (1991-08-20)

I am walking up a gravel road. I turn and look. The view is breathtaking, huge and beautiful. I am surrounded by mountains, rugged and covered with trees. A strong-colored sunset colors the entire scene of thick clouds and mountains in shades of purples, pinks and so on. The clouds cover the mountain peak. I think about going back to the hotel and getting my camera, but I know that I won't get a good picture; more the pity, because 1) the clouds obscure the peak, and 2) it would take too long and the beauty would be gone by the time I got back. So I stand there, looking intently all around. A huge, noisy jet plane is flying to the right. I can't see it because it's above the clouds, or rather in the clouds. It disturbs the beauty. I see a Bic lighter on the ground: litter. (150 words)
#1926 (1991-08-20)

I am deeply in love with a priest (Gregory Peck). I cannot speak of my love to him because it is wrong. He loves me too. I go up to him (he's big and wearing ornamental robes). I lay my hands on his chest and say goodbye. I (I am Deborah Kerr) turn and walk away, feeling my grief intensely. Then I am standing under a tree. A man dressed in Robin hood-like clothes (ordinary clothes, not a priest's robe) comes under the tree with me. It is the man I love who has given up the priesthood. I stare at him, knowing on the unconscious level it is he. He moves tree branches like he's closing the curtains on a window for privacy. I wait, filled with love, wonderment and happiness and sadness. We are about to kiss. (139 words)
#1927 (1991-08-20)

I am in a school room that's sort of out in the wilderness area near a river. I am helping the teacher. In fact, I'm a student teacher. I point up on the blackboard to some colored shapes and ask if any of the kids can show me the yellow squiggly ones. Mike (of 3rd Grade I taught) comes up and tries, but just doesn't understand. I then notice the children are leaving in the middle of the lesson. They are out and walking in the river. The teacher (other woman) comes in to critique my lesson. She asks me about my hair and wants to know if its length had always been the same. She asks questions about the color of it. I am impatient. I really want a critique of my work and she doesn't seem to be anywhere near that subject. Even things closely related to the lesson are not to the point. I feel frustrated. (159 words)
#1929 (1991-08-28)

Both my mother and father have died. I am crying and very sad. I have to find a black outfit to wear. I want to wear all black. I can't find any. I frantically dig through my mother's closet and find a few possibilities. Then I look in another room. Behind a chest of drawers that is blocking the doorway, I see my suitcase. I rifle through it, spreading my papers far and wide as I grab for a black and gold striped blouse. I put it on. It's sort of see-through and I can see my bra. I see it's a maternity/nursing bra, partially opened, revealing part of my breast. I can't figure out how to close the snaps. I take off that blouse and continue my frantic search. I say to myself, sobbing, "I don't want to be late; please, God, don't let me be late." I feel I'll miss the ceremony. Gritting my teeth, I am determined to choose the next clothes item I find. It's a flower print blouse. I put it on and run for the car. I see the hearse with it's 14-21 seats is gone (I had seen it earlier each seat was separate from each other so the mourners could have privacy). I get in the back seat of a beige-colored convertible and it starts going as I'm still trying to button my blouse. I get out and try to steer it by leaning it this way or that. It's light and goes back and forth easily. (255 words)
#1931 (1991-09-02)

I am playing my father's trumpet (no keys), no fingering holes; just use your lips, throat and wind to create notes. I do it very well and impress my parents. They go into a bedroom and make love (my parents). I am in a swimming pool. I go to a far corner in the shallow end and masturbate. It's not much fun or satisfying. I dive into the deep end of the swimming pool and go deep. I am concerned and struggle to the surface. I then go for the shallow end where I'll be safe. The bottom of the shallow end is sandy. A man/creature threatens me. I hit it and it falls unconscious to the bottom. Now I have to rescue it. It will drown like that. I pull it out. Andrea has a male client who is perverted in some way (perhaps sexual). She's being tested with lots of interruptions. She tries hard to be there for him. He even says it's OK to attend to the other things. A group of women come in. One woman (Rebecca?) says of the man, "Oh, I knew you when you were a boy." I see them standing in a circle holding a boy in the Sea of Galilee. They are helping him float. (214 words)
#1933 (1991-09-05)

I am put by some force in a house isolated by many miles on the beach. At first I don't want to enter, not knowing if I'm supposed to or not. Maybe someone lives there and I'm trespassing. Finally I go in, calling out, "Anybody home?" I live there alone. Now I'm going up a path that seems almost like a tunnel and it opens up to a huge beautiful lawn and a mansion. My neighbor is very rich. He's getting ready to go hunting. The dogs are huge and straining at the leash. I walk up and pet the dogs, looking unafraid of their potential power and danger. I do feel a tiny bit of concern but in general know these dogs like me. They like me so well, they refuse to obey their master's command to go hunt and hang around me to be petted. This actually pleases the master, who smiles approvingly. There are jealous ladies in the house. (162 words)
#1935 (1991-09-06)

I am in a village, a beginning of someday larger city. It's tents and open canvas over tables. I have a store where I sell things. It's sort of primitive like an Alaskan camp in the old days. Someone (maybe Aunt Elaine) says, "Let's go down to the house and get what we can." It's a damaged house, maybe winds or fire, and we'll collect what is salvageable. It's an outing. It will be fun. I go get my wallet and pick out little white ceramics of animals. It's a collection, horses standing up rearing and other animals. They were in my change purse in my wallet. There's something about a small bottle of milk. I drink some. (The bottle is like a small apple juice bottle.) Then I try to rinse it out by submerging it in water, either a sink or a toilet. The milk emerges with the water. My mother is there somewhere. Now I'm on a sailboat, and the sail isn't unfurled. Another woman and I (Joni Woodward, in Rachael movie) are on the boat and it's getting dark. We push the boat into a side backwater area because the winds will be high at night; we'll be safe in this little harbor. The woman lies down and I am aware that we are free to spend the night together. There is a feeling of sensuality and forbidden fun. Another woman lies down and I hesitantly join them. Somehow if it were just two, it would be sexual and wrong, but three will be OK, sensual and fun and temporary. There's another sailboat out there, with men on it, two strong virile men. They don't come in for safe harbor, and it's sexual and not OK. (290 words)
#1937 (1991-09-08)

A man, sort of like Doug, has bet $2,000 he can find the golden key. He cannot afford to lose this bet. Someone places the key near the left front wheel of my chair. I get up and stand nearby watching. He looks all around and isn't finding the key. I try to give him hints. I clear my throat and look at the key significantly. No dice. I start talking about my chair very loudly, and about my left front wheel, but he just doesn't get it. I feel sorry for him. It will matter to him to lose all that money. He can ill afford to lose, but he can't seem to find what's right out there in the open, even when hinted at with clues. (128 words)
#1938 (1991-09-08)

I go into a classroom. I haven't been there in a long time. I sit down in my seat. I have Rover, a white cat and a rat. They take their place beside me on the left, and curl up for a nap. They are well behaved, which I'm grateful for and a little surprised. I thought they'd have forgotten, it's been so long. Now I'm the teacher and giving the lesson. As I'm merrily teaching, enjoying it, I am told by several people to cool out. The students are ready to do their own lessons now and, in fact, need the practice. It is best for me to step aside now and let the natural order of things go on. I don't want to stop, but realize it is best, and I go sit back in my seat. Rover is acting up and running around. (146 words)
#1939 (1991-09-08)

There is a grand piano. A man (graduate student) is about to give a demonstration of his work. He calls out the title, "59 Flamenco Dancers" and is about to start playing, when he pauses to listen. He hears someone else playing, a ghost pianist. I listen. No, that's just the typist (I hear fast typing). Then I hear fast piano music (like Flight of the Bumblebee). I now agree, it's the ghost pianist. Now the piano position is changed and there are two of them. They are positioned closer to a stage area for performance. There are some things on a shelf on the piano - big gulp plastic cups and other things. They start to shake and move. The ghost shows us his presence. Then the ghost picks me in my wheelchair up and we fly around the room fast. I'm not afraid, but excited like on a carnival ride. (152 words)
#1940 (1991-09-09)

I am watching a production of one of my plays. I see the audience (a classroom) is restless and I realize they do not like my play. It is long and confusing and boring. There is no action. At the end, I say, "I want feedback. It is important so I can improve. I know you don't like it, but tell me why." I feel pain and embarrassment and some pride, but I have the courage to face this. They tell me the first part is boring because it just goes through a history of self. The second part is more interesting because there is relationship and activity (action). I agree. Now I look for a bathroom and find a public one. I look over the stall doors to find one that's empty. I find one where the toilet is sideways. I go in and use it. As I go out, I remember I left my Bic cigarette lighter (green). I think of Andrea and how she's getting critiqued. I go back in and look for the lighter and find it. (181 words)
#1941 (1991-09-09)

I'm looking for the sugar-free candies. I ask the owner (male, older). He isn't sure, so I poke around. I go to the end where two piles of candy are. One pile has a wrapping; looks like a miniature package of baloney. I'm trying to read the ingredients and can't really see the words. I lean on the counter, my butt sticking out. The owner says, "Look, that man is here and he's with your wife." I look up and see a woman with dark hair and am more interested in seeing the ingredients of this candy. I pay no more attention to the couple. He's stealing her and she's a slut, so who cares. (115 words)
#1943 (1991-09-10)

I'm leaving a big dorm-like house, choosing the people I want to say cafe to. Hugging. I go out and see that my van has been stripped. All four tires are gone. Someone says, "Don't worry. We're fixing it back up." I see a gas station. I go back into the building to get the rest of my stuff. I'd been too quick to leave and hadn't gathered up all my possessions. I go upstairs and look in the different rooms and get stuff. (84 words)
#1945 (1991-09-11)

I am dressed as a man, 1800's, a cowboy hat and a business suit. I'm driving a wagon and come to a town owned by a greedy man. He charges too much for everything. So I decide to stay outside the city limits in my own wagon and be self-sufficient. I ask where the line is and go beyond it. I sleep in the wagon and have food. Another man follows me and watches. He knows I'm female (or suspects it) and seems protectively interested in me. He's leaning against a door jamb and I am also, looking up at the profile of his face, searchingly. (see drawing) (108 words)
#1946 (1991-09-12)

I am watching a movie. Ernie and his boys are there, maybe Ginny too. Ding is in the movie. Later I talk to Ding and tell her I'm working hard on my issues as a full-time counselor, and then I amend that and say I haven't seen her for weeks. Actually I'm thoroughly searching my dreams for the answers, who, what, when, why. I'll find out what happened. She's not terribly interested. (72 words)
#1948 (1991-09-13)

I am laying down in a car (station wagon type) with blankets and pillows like a bed. I realize that men are going to try and break in and I reach over to lock the doors. A man intends to hurt me. I get out of the car and run. They chase. I go into my house and try to lock doors. I call 911 and hide under the telephone table. The woman who answers the phone is a nurse. She's impersonal and taking her time. I ask her to tell the police to come to 837 A. Street. [the names Steven V and Victor, a feeling of lots of mean men are out to hurt me. [BL] (99 words)
#1949 (1991-09-13)

I'm in my wheelchair and am getting some tickets in a packet handed to me. "What's this?" I ask, surprised. "They've changed how they do this," says the man. "Now you get three tickets, you can use them for three events, or two events with one more person." I point to a notice of prizes and ask if I get those too. He's annoyed with me for not understanding because he's already explained. I am confused and he goes through the three tickets routine again, and because things are changed, we don't get the free prizes anymore. "OK," I say, and go to a house (a huge house with lots of rooms). I want to change my clothes for this new event. I'm told by my helpers (Cindy L. of MIUSA) and Merle that we're to wear a special costume. That's what these special spiritual (psychological) helpers do at this kind of meeting. I guess we're sort of like student associates and anyone who is disabled is automatically allowed in free. I'm annoyed by that. I look through my closet, which is large and filled. I can't find what I want and go to another room where several closets are also filled. I comment that later I will go through and clean out the closets and get rid of old ones I never wear. I get my outfit together - a red velvet tunic, my Robin Hood hat (red velvet), and tights. I borrow boots from Cindy. I'm ready to go to the meeting (maybe one of the freebie prizes was a small box of colored pencils and crayons). (269 words)
#1953 (1991-09-15)

Robin Hood outfit. Changing in a hall and people come through I'm caught with my pants down. I'm a teacher of writing. I had intended to do a "Birds of a Feather" performance, but the writers/students were so enthusiastic they peppered me with questions and I used all the time lecturing about how to be a good writer. (58 words)
#1955 (1991-09-16)

I am in front of the Bon Marche store and suddenly women quickly gather and rush in. I go in and ask what's going on. It's a big sale. So I go around looking at things. I see a harmonica, different than a blues harp, and I try it. I can easily play music, and check the price. It's on sale for $42.00, marked down from $55.00. That's a lot of money, but it's so easy to play. I buy it. Now I'm walking upstairs and wondering if there's an elevator and if I'll make it far without my wheelchair. On the 2nd floor it's rough going. A circular cloth covers the whole area and the only place to walk is at the edge where the cloth snaps into the wall. I hang on and nearly slip and fall, but manage to make it. Now I'm outside and see Mary Allgier. I show her my harp and explain it won't bend notes but I still have my blues harp to do that. Then I do some blues riffs saying words like "train, chuga chuga" into the harp. and blowing train whistle notes. I'm impressed and so is Mary [more about talking with a man]. (199 words)
#1956 (1991-09-20)

I'm staying overnight in a house. There is a dispute going on between the female neighbor and the male owner. They are hassling each other and I'm caught in the middle. For example, he calls on the phone and let's it ring repeatedly. This interrupts my attempts to sleep. I get up and the woman comes in with ducks and geese and let's them wander all over the house. I know they will poop all over. I say, "I'd like you to leave now," and she pretends she's forgotten the geese and ducks and says she'll be back Tuesday morning. I ask her to take the fowl home now. I don't want to be the accidental victim of their "war" and try not to get drawn into it. It's hard not to. (132 words)
#1957 (1991-09-20)

Two men who sort of remind me of Howard are nice and like me. One is a rock star (only John Fischer, the TV weatherman) He walks up to me and kisses me. He's leaving on tour in a few moments, so I know I'm safe. He leans me into the back wall of a station wagon (we're standing outside). Then he pauses, closes the back hatch and walks us to the front of the car because we might get tempted by the bed in the back of the car. I like his kisses and regret when he has to leave. I get in my car and wave goodbye as he leaves in his car. I hand him my name and address. (122 words)
#1958 (1991-09-24)

I have many knitting projects, baby sweaters, cardigans for adults. I keep picking up one, knitting a few stitches and putting it down, picking up the next, etc. I keep dropping stitches off the end and it's very frustrating. Now I see a baby girl has dumped macaroni and cheese into the sink and I'm upset. What a waste. I lecture her and spank her. Someone chastises me and I realize I'm not very caring toward the baby. I feel remorse. (81 words)
#1959 (1991-09-30)

A man and a woman want to make love and are looking for a place where they can be private. A man hides in closets and the woman goes from closet to closet looking for him. She sees a boy coming to the closet to hang up his hats. This bothers her because he'll find their closet and interrupt. He goes in and is now in his own room. Three puppets are hung up on the hat rack. He's afraid of one of them because it has huge black circles for eyes and looks scary. He calls to his daddy who says there's nothing to worry about. Then the two male puppets are moving and talking. One turns to the other and wants to make love, so the other one becomes a "female" and they have sex. I feel orgasm. A voice says, "That's OK, they are doing this because they are not really homosexual, they are both" (meaning bi-sexual). [BL] (160 words)
#1962 (1991-10-02)

I am holding Charla, who is overweight like Mateo. I feel upset that Ellie permits this to happen. Ellie comes in and I struggle with my need to help Charla and a wish not to hurt Ellie (or not to be yelled at by Ellie when she gets defensive). I choose to be honest with my feelings and say, "I know you don't want to hear this and that I promised I wouldn't, but I have to tell you this for Charla's sake." I go on quickly. I am eloquent and empathetic (I think) and she hates hearing it, but bears up well, not yelling or interrupting, but shuddering and bowing her head sometimes. I tell her she is presenting a role model for Charla that teaches her all the wrong things. I point to the mess in Charla's room where she's shredded paper and torn up her toys and I say, "I know you think she's destructive, but look what's she's learned from." We walk through the rooms and I point out mess after mess. "And here, I know, is my mess. But, be honest, if it weren't there, yours would be." Then I'm in bed. Someone comes into the room and I struggle to open my eyes. I wonder if it is Aunt Millie who I had seen outside napping on an ambulance stretcher. I pull up my sunglasses and see Ellie laying down across my body. She says, "Hold me, Mama" in a baby-like, heart-breaking tone. (249 words)
#1966 (1991-10-09)

I see my mother rushing to help Aunt Rosalie. My mother straightens up some clothes and puts them where she wants them, even though Rosalie has different ideas. My mother is pushy and controlling. I turn to Aunt Millie and say, "She is so annoying." Aunt Millie says, "You should have seen her as we grew up!" I see my mother's intense, determined, angry face and I think, "How sad, that was my mother, my 'nurturing' part." [BL] (77 words)
#1967 (1991-10-09)

Younger brothers. A John Belushi type owns a night club where I work. I wear a sexy red dress and John is hot to trot. He grabs me and kisses me. I push him away. I walk out. Then his younger brother, Jim, who loves me and is shy, drives the car to help me get away. I can feel his intense sexual desire and am touched by his willingness to leave me alone rather than harass me. I turn into his arms and respond lovingly and sexually. We are very happy. (92 words)
#1968 (1991-10-10)

I am flying a plane, or I am flying, not sure which. A man loves me and is supportive. Another man is trying to win the race with me and is quite willing to kill me, if need be, to be the victor. It's neck and neck, we are evenly matched. I am barely ahead of him. He tries to crash into me and I go straight up to override him. I come to the ceiling (with fire protection sprinklers on it). He climbs up and tries to shoot me. I duck and dive and twist all around and then am the winner. He crashes. I go into a building where my supportive male friend waits. Now there's some kind of difficulty affecting the land. I must live in this one room place and wait. I then go to a grocery store, hoping I'm not too late and all the food I need or want is already gone. I do find what I need - milk, eggs, butter, meat for meatloaf. I go back to my room. The prince (my supportive male) is there. The grocery store man becomes the queen of the land. There is some question if another will usurp my prince's rightful place. Now we're at a reception and everyone dotes on us, giving expensive gifts. The leering, fat man touches the cleavage of my breasts and I say, "Stop that." My prince gets possessive and says, "Stop that." The fat man just grins and winks. (249 words)
#1971 (1991-10-21)

Mary is laying in the bathtub taking a bath. My bath chair is out and I am standing, intending to bathe standing and wondering if I'll be able to stand that long. Nancy comes in to scrub Mary's back and I sit on the toilet to have a watery bowel movement and hope it doesn't stink. I try to wipe myself and get some on my thumbnail. The sink is filled to overflowing. I rinse my thumb and continue to wipe my butt, which has streaks of it. Suddenly Mary yells, "The Clinic," and gets up and runs so fast out of the bathroom that she doesn't even bother to open the door, she goes through the door, like she's a spirit or melts through it. I comment on that to Nancy, it is so amazing. Mary comes back very upset because she was right. She just missed her clinic appointment and it was so important. She's leaving for Mexico and wanted to know what to do if she got raped and they used knives to cut the inside of her vagina. I try to be helpful and suggest she can find some books on the subject at Paralandra's. It wouldn't be the same, but maybe it would help. [BL] (209 words)
#1972 (1991-10-23)

I am in some huge room like a warehouse. I'm looking for my camera. Tyler and Janet have moved it somewhere and I can't find it. A fat statue of a goddess says to me, "Would you please take my place for awhile? I've got some stuff to do." I hesitate, because I don't know if it will be unpleasant or hurt or not. Then I do. She goes off and I stand in her place. Later, I go outside and am still looking for the camera. I go home, driving my van. I go in and a man from a publishing house is waiting for me with good news. He wants to publish my book. I ignore him, looking for the mail. I see two rejection letters there. I decide to go downstairs and take a swim. I go down a long flight of white stairs where the walls are up high. I keep trying to make the walls into windows, but no dice. I get to my basement and see a huge swim pool. I know some men are waiting to go swim, but I take all my clothes off and dive in; they will just have to wait. I swim well and it's very sensual and wonderful. Everyone waits for me. (214 words)
#1975 (1991-10-29)

I'm making love to Howard. It is pleasant. Then he turns and presents his butt so I can lick his penis. I'm not thrilled, but everything else is so pleasant, I guess I can accommodate him. Then I say, "Wait, I hear Mom." I look and see that the bedroom door is opened. I get up and close it. I see the M City house stairs. The door is the same as my parents' M City house bedroom door. My mother is going up and down the stairs, carrying laundry. She's cleaning house. I get back in bed with Howard, but the mood is broken. His penis is flaccid. We agree to wait until later. There is a feeling of disappointment coupled with anticipation of later. (126 words)
#1976 (1991-10-31)

I am seated at the very back of a huge theatre area, with steeply raked stairs. A woman sits behind me. Two ugly, big men in business suits sit next to me, crowding me. I hear my name being called from the stage and I get up and try to run down all those stairs; apparently I'm getting some kind of award. I get there and I'm given a prosthesis leg for my right leg and then I am challenged to get into a huge diesel truck and drive around the audience. I get in, not sure if I can do this. I struggle and get the hang of it and drive well up those stairs, around and through the audience and back down. I choose to return to the stage via a path that is barely underwater. The audience is impressed with my daring and skill. I am back on stage. They tell me I have to drive the truck again and I say no, I don't want to. Then they say, "Give us back the prosthetic leg." Then there is more, about a woman who has her exhusband still around and a new man is moving in. (199 words)
#1977 (1991-11-02)

I am in a bathtub and Ellie is shampooing my hair. She puts on too much shampoo and as I lay back in the water, I can't get it all rinsed out. Ellie is in a hurry and I insist I try and rinse more off by putting my head under the shower! The water is cool and not very much of it. I check my body temp and its only 90 degrees, a sub temperature. I feel cold and not very much energy. (84 words)
#1979 (1991-11-12)

I'm in a space ship flying a helicopter inside the halls, which is dangerous but necessary because if we can't open a door to get out, the whole thing will explode. We'll use the helicopter to smash the door open. Several of us open a window and that is necessary so the explosion won't harm us. As I look down, I say, "Why don't we just jump out and run?" Someone says, "We might break a leg, it's so far down." I say, "We could make it." No one responds, so I shrug and assume people think it's too risky. We go back and force the door open and run, waiting for the explosion. I notice I stand close to the ship and hope I don't get hurt with the flying glass. (132 words)
#1982 (1991-11-13)

I see the dead body of Robert Redford floating in a room full of water. His mouth is open in a round O and he is blue. I am disgusted, but can't keep my eyes off him. Somehow I am the murderer and he is going to extract revenge. He keeps floating toward me. I shut the glass and wood door to stop him and his body barks like a dog at the door, demanding I open it. (78 words)
#1983 (1991-11-13)

I live on the tip of a peninsula in a tropical climate. A man has been killed or injured (a king?) and he is searching out the man who did it. He chases him around and gets him cornered as he leaps in a river exhausted. The man says, "I'm going to take a river foot," meaning he will slice the tendons of his heal or will chop off his foot. The chased man nods tiredly. Anything is better than being on the constant run. He then lays his head under the water prepared to endure the pain. Someone grabs his foot up and holds it for the knife and I wonder if the man can hold his breath that long. It's going to be bloody and hurt, but the relief of being able to stop running will be worth it. (141 words)
#1986 (1991-11-16)

My mother comes up behind me and slaps me on the butt. It really hurts and I say, "Mom! that really hurt." She snaps, "Don't be silly." And I follow her and say, "I mean it, you really hurt me sometimes." And she says, "It's just your arthritis; it makes you sensitive." And I say, "No, even when I was a child, you would hurt me lots of times." She is angry at me. I turn and walk into the kitchen and I look for a drawing of Ellie holding Charla (a profile like my lake Michigan picture of holding Ellie). My mother had drawn the picture. It's very sweet and cute. She accidentally drew another picture on the same paper right under it. I wanted to make a Xerox copy of it. I see two half smashed like butts on the sink of dirty dishwater and I reach to put them out, because they are my mother's and this is a silly, childish revenge. She sees me and says, "Oh, no you don't." I try to snub them out, but she hits me on the butt. I cry, "Oow! Don't." And I try to hit her back. I scratch at her chest and try to hit her arm. Finally I grab the front and side of her dress and start swinging her back and forth to smash her up against the counters that are at a 90 degree angle. I smash her to the left and back to the right. I'm screaming "Oooh," like a siren up and down and she is trying to get at me to stop me. (271 words)
#1988 (1991-11-16)

Lydia and I are cleaning up my papers There are lists and bulk and so on. I'm not sure which ones are mine or hers. Her Mexican husband comes home. A small girl is happy to see him. They play wrestle and tickle and he is laying down and she is telling him she is growing books. He says, "Where?" and pretends to search her body for these books. He looks in her armpit and says, "Here?" "No!" giggles the girl, and I see a file folder on the dresser and try to choose a few bills out of it, but then decide to take the whole folder home and go through it and throw out the old stuff. (119 words)
#1990 (1991-11-17)

I'm in a store looking at all the things. I see small dolls who are in wheel chairs. They are sort of Poster Kids all dressed up in pretty dresses as they are part of a choir that performs. I pick up one, a girl in a pink dress and in a manual chair. She is sort of alive. I put her back. I look at a picture of their choir director, a man with a motorcycle and brace on one leg and an amputated stump on the other. I go on looking at other things in the store. [BL] (99 words)
#1992 (1991-11-18)

My mother is fixing a huge special breakfast: eggs, pancakes, bacon, sweet rolls. I look forward to it and pick up the sweet rolls and put them in a pan on the burner to cook through. My mother speaks to me and I can't understand her for several tries. Finally I smile and say, "OK, I'll get it, I should not have put the rolls on so soon." I try to pick them up and they come apart. It's a mess. I am aware that I'm handling this situation differently than I usually do. I am more open and willing to admit a mistake and willing to try and fix it, rather than get all stubborn in my anger and shut down or snap back. [BL] (125 words)
#1994 (1991-11-19)

I and Ellie and counselor are at a counseling session. Our task is to knit things as we work through our stuff. There is lots of distance between the three of us. I am knitting, I have a cast-on row and am trying to knit the first row, only stitches slip and nearly fall off and I am constantly readjusting the row and picking up stitches. I lie down and am aware that I could wiggle around and create sexual feelings and masturbate. I feel embarrassed, my face away from Ellie and the counselor. What if they saw my movements and figured out what I was doing? I sit up. I feel annoyed at Ellie. I am doing more than her. I go over to pick up two rows of cast-ons from previous sessions. They are on bent knitting needles or ink pens and stuck on a stand like an ink pen would be. I only find two and feel guilty I haven't done more, but then I feel this isn't fair, I've done much more, And I open a satchel bag and see (display) many cuffs and partial baby sweaters and blankets I've done, all in baby pastel colors, green and pink. I look over at Ellie angrily that I'm doing all this work, and she's doing only the minimal. (221 words)
#1995 (1991-11-21)

I am at a school dance with my younger sister Lydia, pretending I am her age of 13. A young man (like Nate or Larry of high school) is drawn to me and I play coquettish 13 years old. It's time to leave, and as I go down the stairs, I start to look and act a bit older (16 years or so) and he is very enticed. I wear a sweater combo like in the 1950's. He follows. I run, laughing to my car and tell Lydia to hurry. We get in and he comes to the driver's side and wants to talk. I roll the window (wet from rain) down a quarter of the way. The window is a barrier for closeness and he asks me to open it more. I slowly, flirtatiously do so until it is full open. He wants to kiss me and I want it too, but hold off because of my tender age. I tell him I'm going to Judy's house to meet friends. He could go there too. We drive away, and I go to Judy's house, without Lydia now. I greet some girlfriends and soon he comes in and asks me to dance. I agree and we begin a slow dance. He bends down to kiss me and I turn shyly away. "I'm too young yet." "All right," he says, "but don't let anyone else kiss you. Let me be the first." I promise and we dance more closely, hugging; we know we are made for each other. [BL] (257 words)
#1996 (1991-11-21)

I'm in a crowded classroom and the rows are all in one direction, but I am seated facing the opposite way. A young man I am interested in sits in the back (see drawing) and as I pretend to be talking with my friends, I am watching him. I pick up my book, a play and look at page 171 and then back up to about 131. Some of the pages have come loose from the staples in the center (saddle stitch binding with 2 staples). (86 words)
#1998 (1991-11-27)

I am on the Star Trek Enterprise. I have been transported accidentally from this time period and have become psychic. I am in an elevator with Capt. Picard. Some drippy substance that is painful and corrosive lands on him. I rush him to my apartment and put him in the bathtub. He pulls me in, laughing, and I wash him off. And as I do this, he turns so he's facing me. He's on top of me and I feel his hard dick and at first he can't seem to get it in and I reach down and help him. Between us, we get him in and it feels marvelous. We joyfully make love. [BL] (114 words)
#1999 (1991-11-27)

I am a teacher and new. I'm being asked how I'd handle certain situations and I'm pleased to notice that on several occasions the boys would get me into a no-win power struggle and I'd make my statement and walk away and then they would comply. A man asks how I'd handle a fight and I'd say, "Stop!" I'd put my foot pedals between the two fighting boys and I'd yell, "Stop!" to them and to the observing kids who entice them to continue by their attention. Then I decide to lecture on the contents of a Playboy magazine. This is quite controversial, but I continue. I show them page after page of advertisements and then political articles. Finally a naked man and a naked baby are seen. The man's penis is tucked in between his legs as he lies on his side. The baby boy is very sweet and cuddly and chubby and I pass him around for the kids to see. Two girls have him on a table and are admiring his sweet smiles. His penis is just a part of who he is and isn't important. (189 words)
#2000 (1991-12-01)

A family reunion of the V. side. I have photos of some of us as children and people (aunts) want to see them. Someone sees my face and says it reminds them of ___, a cousin or relative. I am amused and say others have said I look like ____, another relative, and as I see my profile, it keeps changing so that eventually we all at some point resemble one another. Everyone is going to use the photos and make historical videos and I see that Aunt Rosalie is the first one to get her crew together (her kids). I hope to use her kids to help make mine later. A man (William B Hurt) is seated, looking at me through his round spectacles (frameless glasses). He has big, serious blue eyes. I walk over to him and say, "I work here. I mean, I'm the owner; what can I do for you?" He seriously hands me a bill for $833 for his services (maybe a plumber or a carpenter). I say, "But I've paid this, I think. Let me check." I find my checkbook, but it's dated 10/3, too early. I find the right one and prove to him I've already paid. He hands me a pen. I take the top off and find a "short ____" in there that somehow represents my relationship with Howard. (228 words)
#2001 (1991-12-01)

I am going to a bookstore and start walking, hoping to catch the bus. It's two minutes until the bus is expected. I'm on 14th street and am headed for 10th. The walking is hard going and painful. I get there. It's a conveyer belt of canned goods. A woman helps check them out. They are packaged up in plastic crates with an identifying tag so you know what's yours and where one stops and the other starts. Now I'm watching couples at a "butt watching" fair or gathering. Three couples, all dark, straight hair, dark complexion (Italian) are together. One woman is very upset and a man is trying to help her. He holds her quarters for her without taking any. She doesn't trust he has done so sand asks another woman to check for her. The other woman counts the eight quarters and the one silver dollar and hands them to me to hold for her. It's confirmed and she hugs the man. They are very close, cuddling. His arms are around her as she leans her back into his chest, then feet out in front of them, intertwined. The other woman says, "You can't do that if your not going to get married." This makes them think because they were intending to be just very good friends until she was cured and then she would go on and marry someone else. She looks over and sees the man's best friend and decides to marry him. This causes the man to turn and look long and searching into her eyes. He now wants to marry her. I think she wants it too and was using a ploy to get his attention. [BL] (283 words)
#2003 (1991-12-01)

I'm in a big house. I've been married to Howard for years, but we've not connected in any way, emotionally or sexually. I decide it's time to leave him. But then I realize this time, I'll have to take the girls with me. I have no excuse this time. I'm older, done with school, and walking. I feel real fear and resistance. I don't want to take the girls. That will be so very hard, to be a mother, to be there. [BL] (82 words)
#2005 (1991-12-20)

There are a man and a woman and me. The man and I kiss. It is very nice. He says, "You must kiss her now." He pushes me. I resist and give an "air" kiss very close to her mouth. He says, "Am I pushing too much?" She says, "Yes, let it be." When I kiss the man, I want to hug him too, but don't. Something holds me back. He's a writer, the creative part. (76 words)
#2007 (1991-12-27)

I enter a square room that is sort of a vacation cabin. It has been unused and neglected for years. Today I am cleaning it up. Old food, all moldy and yucky, is in cupboards and the sink and on counters. I don't relish the job but it must be done, so I dig in and start cleaning. Howard is around somewhere. [BL] (62 words)
#2008 (1991-12-27)

I am given a home video camera and I begin to film what I see. I have some trouble keeping things in focus and also keep forgetting that I'm in charge. I'll hum and then remember that the camera will pick up that. Or I'll not pay attention to what's in the frame and then remember and shift focus. I hear background noises of a huge crowd cheering and as a satire joke, I film a race of toy motorcycles. Then I see a scene of small plastic people and I film it, chuckling to myself at my creative cleverness. I turn a knob that changes the focus spot from a circle to a square and back again and I adjust it back and forth. I took a picture of the picture on the TV screen. Now I see through the camera viewfinder a good-looking man. I like him and start to show him my editing choices, feeling excited about sharing with him how good I am and anticipating his approval of me. But he's doing something else, like wanting me to take a picture of him and not listening to me. I stop mid-sentence and feel disappointed and frustrated. I then concentrate on focusing on his beautiful eyes. I go in for an extreme close-up and back out for his full, lovely face. (224 words)
#2009 (1991-12-28)

A woman like Katrina is teaching me to be a light. I try and then I become this beautiful light, like a tinkerbell, with xmas lights flashing. I am flying around the living room, landing in different places here and there. A man comes in and is trying to get me. My light gives me away. He chases me as I move from place to place. Katrina tells me to flap my wings and fly up high. I try, but it is hard. I go through the layers of wood in the frame of the house and he is on the opposite side, nearly getting me (see drawing in dream book). Finally I flap my wings very hard and get going very fast and shoot up into the heavens. [BL] (129 words)
#2012 (1992-01-02)

I am told that Howard has made love to young boys and molested some girls. There are some feelings that my father has too. I (or my mother) ask him, "Do you know anything about this?" He is annoyed with me that I would ask and changes the subject by asking me a question. I don't know the answer and he is actively disappointed in me. I feel betrayed when I realize this is an avoidance tactic. I lay down on the ground next to a mushroom growing and I knock it over. I sit up and see what looks like an erect penis laying beside my head, little roots still on it. It looks painful being ripped out of the ground like that. (124 words)
#2017 (1992-01-07)

I am living in a long narrow set of rooms, downstairs. I am hosting an OCA conference and am cleaning up and organizing after the people left. A woman neighbor comes in and shows me a lovely dress she made herself. We chat about all the extra traffic in the neighborhood with my guests. Then she shows me how she made the dress with snaps up the front and she graciously offers it to me if I want it and think it would be easy to use. I accept with pleasure. Now it's time to go for a ride on my horse. It is lovely, strong, healthy and frisky. I get up (no saddle), and we ride, happily running. It is effortless. After a long run, I pull up at a deep river where a man lies in the grass and watches me. I am unaware of him. I lie down and take my top off and sun for awhile, and then I get scared because what if I didn't tie down the horse properly and it goes away. I would be stranded and unable to get back home, too hard to walk back with arthritis. I double check the reins and hang onto it hard. I lean over and peer into the river and feel nervous with how deep it is and worry about falling in. Now I ride back home. We are like one and it is very effortless and nice. I bring the horse into my rooms and turn on the water faucet in the sink and it drinks. Then I spend lots of time grooming it. I feed it hay. It is important to take care of my good horse. (284 words)
#2018 (1992-01-08)

There are two railroad tracks going in different directions. I'm being chased. I hide under a table, a big round one with a long table cloth that goes to the floor. There is a hole in the floor and I go in there and someone covers it and makes it look ordinary. The man chasing me is very suspicious and looks over carefully, but the camouflage works. I then start running very fast around and around under that huge table in order to exercise and build up speed, strength and endurance so I can escape. My helper warns me not to run so close to the table cloth because as I bump it, it will give me away my presence to the man chasing me. Finally I am in good shape and I am ready. The cloth goes up and I sprint out down a huge aisle where an audience of people is painted on the floor. I run and run and have to be careful not to mistake the real audience for the painted one. (176 words)
#2019 (1992-01-08)

I am seated in the front row of the audience with friends (Bonnie, Tyler). I now get up and walk up the steps of the raked auditorium (like a school gym, M City High, the old one). I go higher and higher, noticing that the higher I go, the fewer people there are, and the "lower" the intellect and class they have. I reach the top and it's just empty seats. I walk across to the righthand aisle and walk down. Some of the steps are like steep dirt banks I have to jump. I get almost down to where I was and cross again to the left and then return to my seat. As I pass my friends, they excitedly tell me that a Fire Fair is going to happen, like I'll be thrilled, but I'm a bit annoyed because it's like when people tell me some thing about disability, I've heard it all before and I do have other interests besides disability. (164 words)
#2020 (1992-01-08)

I am helping to teach mentally retarded people. In a classroom, they are all seated in a single row around the edges of the wall (see drawing in dream book). I have lots of things on the board and I'm trying to get them to understand. Then it's time to go and there's a bus and we're high up on a mountain and it's a long, curvy road back down. (70 words)
#2021 (1992-01-09)

There's a pool or stream and a little fish is in it. I lean over to see the fish and I suddenly rear back because a huge goldfish comes up out of the water, toward me. He's as big as I am! I go uphill to get out of the way. He might bite me. Now I'm seated at a table and Howard and Bob H are looking at me. Howard says, "Look at her eyes, her face. She's getting an idea." They watch as I sit and stare off into space, my eyes in REM. They come over to me and watch as I start righting (writing) my notes, an outline: 1) Research of project, 2) get examples of what's currently out there. Bob agrees with me that we must gather all the leading communications skills programs used in schools and see what's there and then create a better one. I look at Howard's face and feel sad because I can see he's different (his eyes are different), but I still have the old automatic disgust and anger. I feel badly that I can't seem to respond to him differently now (see poem in Dream poem directory). (198 words)
#2022 (1992-01-10)

Curtis Salgoto tells me about a childhood experience. His alcoholic father would go pass out in different places and once he had to go to a neighbor's house, a girl, and retrieve his father from her bathroom. He said her bathroom was bigger than anything in E City! I laugh and enjoy that image. He then tells me how as children they were each tied to the opposite leg of a big person and she wrestled him and she won and she couldn't understand how he could stand the humiliation of still being tied together. He shrugged and said something like, "You do what you have to do," and then he unpeels himself out of a stick of mud and goes away. Now I'm mixing water and choosing a color pattern to mix (knit) for a sock. I see argyle patterns and different colors like in a color palette, but on this notebook paper - muted greens, etc. I choose one and drop it in the ocean to be mixed. I read the instructions on sizes of knitting needles, #5's. Then I work the mud like in pottery. Now my hands are caked with it and I want to go inside for awhile. I walk to the front door and call to my mother who panics and darts (lunges) toward me as though she thinks I'm hurt. I laugh and say, "I'm OK. It's just me. I did not want to get your house dirty and I want to put it back on when I come back out." She can't understand why I do this. (265 words)
#2023 (1992-01-12)

I am a white woman, but have lived for years as a sort of servant/family member in a Chinese family. I have a tiny old room filled with all my possessions from the years. There's not anything worth much, just sentimental value. I go to a fair, where white people are, and stroll among the booths. I see pink, crystal-like rocks that are crafted into little souvenir dolls, and I see photos, each wrapped in a plastic wrap, jewelry, etc. I choose not to buy anything. People sort of expected that of me; I never do "the ordinary." I now am walking back to my home and I see a vast ocean, a beautiful blue color. The color is quite special and I am entranced by it. I see a whale fluking his tail (tale) and then feeding right at the line where the gray shallow water and the blue deep water meet. I feel intense joy at the privilege of seeing this beauty. I am so drawn to it that I feel pulled like a lemming to swim out in it and drown - suicide, drown myself under the blue water, being swallowed by the whale. It's scary. Suddenly I turn and realize there is a man standing right behind me, ready to stop me if I choose to jump into the ocean. I notice his eyes are exactly the same shade of blue as the ocean. I am totally drawn to him. We sit and talk. He says, "Let's get married." I hesitate. We're strangers, but I know he's the one I trust. I say yes. I take him home with me to my Chinese family. (278 words)
#2024 (1992-01-10)

My family is going on a vacation and we are packing. I call us together and call out the items we need to make sure is in each suitcase: wallet, money, forks, spoons, knives, etc. We get all the stuff packed. I see a list of things. I read it over and over: sunset, blue sky, birds. It's like panels of torn paper collage pictures. Blue sky is repeated (see drawing in dream book). (74 words)
#2028 (1992-01-13)

A small Native American village welcomes me and we have a party. An Indian woman is my friend. She introduces me to an Indian man. We like each other. He takes me to a wall that has pictures of the history of how white men harmed the Indians. I want to defend, but know I must first listen. It's a test to see if I am genuinely interested, or am going to be just another rude white person. I listen. The man and I make love. There is a huge diaphragm with cream all over it. I kiss the hollow at the front base of his neck. I feel love, but no sexual feelings. (114 words)
#2029 (1992-01-14)

I am a (man) general in a war and I am alone in a field, the bombs exploding all around me. To protect myself, I lay down on the snow-covered, barren field. I dig a hole in the earth that fits my body and lie in it to wait out the war. It is cold. I am alone. Then I look over to my left and see girl children playing. I tell them to leave. Can't they see there's a war going on? Then I look around and notice the war is over. I get up out of my foxhole and follow the girls into a store. I look at the candy display. They are all out of the kind I like. A sweet little girl ( 8 or 10 years old) is there. Now I'm the girl. She and this little boy are Jack and Jill. They will be lovers when they grow up, but for now it is all innocent and sweet. They kiss and talk and share adventures. The general is now a grandfather and he lusts after the little girl. He sort of watches her, and follows her. She and Jack leave. She's glad to get rid of the sinister grandfather. Now Jack and Jill sit in a small boat, on the bare rock bed of a dry river bed. The water is being released upstream. It's like a carnival ride. I look upstream and see the surging force of the water and feel afraid. We'll be bowled over and drowned, so I say, "Let's wait until the big wave is past us." But we stay and the water picks up our boat and we swirl and sway down the river bed. It's fun. My girl cousins are there, Sonja and Deirdre. (296 words)
#2030 (1992-01-15)

I see a mechanical device that pops up and pokes a person's eyes out. I then see a person walking away with bloodied eyeballs. I think to myself, "I can't believe I watched that. Now I'll be stuck with that horrible image in my head." Now I'm standing precariously on a small wooden platform just outside an open hatch or door on a boat. The waters (ocean) are cold, stormy and foreboding. A man stands with me and he points to the water and says that he is willing to jump in that dangerously cold water to save me if he has to. I feel unwilling to do that for him and devoutly hope I don't fall in. I back away toward the boat. (124 words)
#2032 (1992-01-16)

There are a brainless baby and a man called Spiritgarden, who is Burt Lancaster. I hug him and he has a very soft, out-of-shape body. I like him. A fat boy/man in a wheelchair demands my attention. I dance vigorously with him, trying to wear him out or disinterest him in me so I can go on and dance with the man I like. (64 words)
#2033 (1992-01-17)

I'm in the old M City house. It's 3:30 a.m. and I see Julie B outside. She is drinking water that comes leaking out over the gutter off the front of the porch. I invite her in. We sit on the couch in the living room. I introduce her to my brother Dwight. As Julie talks about some problem she has that makes her sad, I become aware that the heavy wooden mantle of the fireplace is shaking and slowly falling. It lands in the fire and Dwight pokes it so it will burn safely in the fireplace. I get up to go look for my room. I think Dwight and Julie stay in the living room. I go to where the "Recreation Room" used to be and I think this will be a good room for my combination office/bedroom. I imagine my computer in a corner, a single bed along a wall, and an artist/draftsman table at the window to do my art work. The light will be good there and besides that's where my mother used to do her art (see drawing in dream book). (187 words)
#2034 (1992-01-17)

Now I'm outside a smaller house at the beach. I see the tide is rising and waves are breaking over the rock barrier. If I don't move, I'll get wet and the waves look quite large. I could get hurt as well. As the first waves are actually sloshing around my feet, I beat a hasty retreat to the house. As I get there, I see its foundation is solid, huge rock boulders. I am impressed and feel safe. I go in. I see small refrigerators in the kitchen, up on the counter, and am glad because that's easier for me to manage, like the house is made with my disability in mind. (113 words)
#2040 (1992-01-23)

A man wants to make love to me. I refuse him. I don't like him. He rolls over and lays on top of the man in bed with me; he wants a homosexual encounter with him. That is refused, so he rolls over again to try to seduce the young girl, a teen daughter of mine, and I am furious. I defend her and push him away. He is scum and I hate him. He disgusts me. (77 words)
#2041 (1992-01-24)

I am in a VW bus and I am following a man who is ahead of me and on foot. He starts wading across a shallow, wide river that has lots of algae growing in it. As I drive in, I feel concern and say, "Is this too deep?" He smiles and walks on. I continue to follow. It's up to my radiator but so far so good. Now I see trees, and two tree trunks are walking like each one is a foot and leg up to the thigh. I am amazed. Then I stop, get out and go up to some trees to talk with them. They are gentle, listening spirits. I get across the river and put down the luggage and the baby. I have to go find the airport. I walk and now I'm lost, and then I see airplanes taking off and know I'm close to the airport. I see a huge wall and a woman and myself climb it. It is hard and we have to grab silly ceramic things for hand-holds. We get to the top and look over with great disappointment - no airport, just farm land. It's like we had climbed a bulletin board of an airport and looked behind it. We go back down, talking about how hard it was and how tired we were and how disappointed. At the base of the wall stands my mother, Aunt Millie and cousin Sonja. I wonder how I'm supposed to get the bags and the baby, and who is taking care of the baby? I must have put her in a day care center in the city. I wouldn't have just left her at the river's edge, would I? There are lots of highways and attempts to get to the city. (299 words)
#2043 (1992-01-25)

Ethan is on stage and I go up and we make love. Then there is a rock star who drinks cough medicine or Tylenol and is addicted to it. I drink his bottle of Tylenol and get drunk. I'm seated at a table and Merle is watching me, enjoying the fact that I am behaving in a giddy, loose fashion. I follow the rock star and we make love. I am aware it's only a one night stand and go on. Later, I see him on stage and feel good about knowing I'd had sex with him. It feels like a delicious secret. I am surprised at myself for allowing myself to enjoy sex after so long a time. Now he likes me and pursues me. (126 words)
#2044 (1992-01-27)

I am going up a mountainside. I am scooping up a fine dust into a container. I think the container is full, but then I notice several big rocks in it and empty the rocks onto the ground. Now there is lots more room in the container and I scoop up more fine dust. I fill the container. Now I am at the top of the mountain, which is shaped like female genitals. The top of the mountain is indented like the vulva. It's like a Phillips screw head with a "crossroads" in the top. On the left side, the gold has all been panned out, long ago. On the right side, there may be some left, but I'd have to work hard to get it. [BL] (126 words)
#2046 (1992-01-28)

I am in bed with Merle. We lay on opposite ends of the bed so that our genitals meet in the middle. As we talk, he maneuvers his penis into my vagina. I don't resist and I don't particularly help. He is pleased he has done this and was a bit sneaky doing it. I am amazed at the full size of his penis. His small deformed feet and legs are up by my face. His skin is soft, not unpleasant, but not "normal." I feel some resistance, thinking this will mean I'll have to make love to him when I don't want to, like in a relationship. Then I relax into it some. Michael tells me he has kept a bulk file on me ever since I first met him. The disabled community did it. I am interested in seeing it. It has some articles on my hands. It has a secret file about my mother. She did something in 1942, or thereabouts (there were three or four dates) that wasn't exactly right. The newspaper article tells all. Aunt Rosalie is in it somewhere. I am glad to have this lost information. (193 words)
#2048 (1992-01-30)

I am a beautiful young woman in perfect physical shape in a two-piece white bathing suit, like in those Beach Blanket Bingo movies or Gidget. I have my surf board. The men are all lounging around on the beach. As I approach the water, they laugh and scoff because this is their "turf" and I'm just a woman. A James Darren-type man watches with interest. I go out and surf very well, which amazes the men. I go back out and do it again, showing my stamina. Then, I choose to go out even farther than they dare, to the really big waves that are wild and deep. I have some trouble but make it in, I crash and get back up, sand all over me and in my mouth. I carry my board and go to a standing shower head and rinse myself off and drink the water, spitting it out to clear out the sand. As I am showering, a huge crowd of ordinary "tourists" come by, all carrying huge black spears. They trample my surf board and I interrupt them and pull by board to safety. I then cleverly point them to another beach so they won't infest the surfing beach. They go on. Now I meet the male leader of the surfers who is almost growling at me. He doesn't like me or rather his territory has been invaded. I coolly stand up to him. #2, James, is warmly proud of me. I then try to decide if I am going to surf at low tide and do a surf estuary. I see the water washing back and forth on the exposed rocks. I decide not too. Not much excitement in that. (286 words)
#2049 (1992-01-30)

I am looking at glassware at a garage sale, a pretty glass platter and some hand blown glassware. It seems a bit spendy and though I like them, I choose not to buy them. I move on to the next table area, leaving room for other women to get the glassware. The next area is a huge sewing machine with a drawer that swings open to reveal thousands of brightly colored threads and bobbins. I close the drawer to get a better look at the miniatures underneath it, on the floor. I see a cunningly made sewing machine with recipe books that open, buttons that work and levers that work. I am impressed with the workmanship and the many things that really work. I next look at a small square box like thing made of logs that opens up on top and is a stove. I see a pile of small squarish pieces of wood that have lots of resin on it so it will burn well. Someone puts one in the stove and lights it. I am amazed that the wood stove doesn't burn down with the wood fuel! How does it do that? (195 words)
#2051 (1992-02-03)

I see some new kittens that are very cute and go over and pick up several of the youngest ones. I pet them and they are at first afraid and then calm down. As I sit on the lawn holding the kittens, I look up and see Rover's sweet face as she crawls up to me to be petted looking as though I would send her away or hit her. I am shocked because I thought she was dead. I wonder if she'd been buried alive all this time or if the girls had not told me the truth and had let her go and not put her to sleep. I feel sorry for her having been buried so long with no one to pet her. I can see she desperately needs affection and love. I pet her and talk softly to her, hoping we aren't hurting the new kitties as they sit on my lap, now scrunched by Rover trying to get close to be loved. (167 words)
#2053 (1992-02-04)

High school friend Dora and I are walking to town and come to the bridge that goes across the river. This town has two rivers in it. As I start to walk on the bridge, I am shocked to see that boards are rotten and holes come through the wood. This is an arched sort of oriental shaped wood bridge. I am afraid to set my foot down and then realize that this hasn't yet happened, but is on the verge of happening. I gingerly walk across, afraid I'll fall through at each step. I look out at the quick rapids in the river and am afraid. I see an animal "caught" in a skin of water. I say, "Is that a dolphin?" Dora says, "No, a seal." He's having a hard time making it through the tunnel enclosed around him. I decide maybe I should move from this town so I don't have to always be going across this dangerous bridge. It makes me sad because I like this town. I remember we left our luggage and ask Dora if we shouldn't go back and get our luggage. She says we came here to get the key to our luggage. She asks the guard at the end of the bridge for the keys. He gives them to her and we go back across. I see Dora/Jennifer H hanging by her knees in a swing thing on a tree, laughing. (240 words)
#2054 (1992-02-04)

I am seated in a classroom with lots of different-aged people, kids and adults studying together. Someone is at the board writing words down for the "game." I don't know the game and only half attend to the words as I also watch others. Some of them go up to the board and click on their video/computer things and look at colored images on the blackboard. Someone talks about the importance of the lap words. I realize I should write down those words that were already erased off the board. I remember the word "warf," I remember "gasoline" and "Tylenol" But then I realize the last two words aren't the "lap" words. I go up to the board to try and see if any of their words could still be read after they were erased. I complain that it's dark and the colored images overlap where the words had been. "How can anyone see the words like this?" I mumble. I go back and sit. I remember one more word "III," and write it. A boy comes over and wants to know did I remember to get him a pen knife. I smile and say yes. He's happy. I wonder should I give a knife to a boy so young. I feel sorry he has to study this with adults. It must be frustrating for him. (226 words)
#2057 (1992-02-06)

My mother wants me to go outside and enjoy the sunshine. I am lazily seated in a chair, like I haven't exercised in years. My father talks about his books. I ask why he's going to give them away if he loves them. He says he only loves a few of them. "But the music ones?" I ask. "Only a few; most of them were given by others and I have no interest in them." (75 words)
#2059 (1992-02-08)

I feel strong violation. Willie and Nate have raped me. I feel sad when I see Abner and then with difficulty remember that he didn't do the raping. I am relieved because I like him. A Robin Williams kind of man is very gentle and nice. I am afraid of him but I also want his affection. I like him. I see the pictures of two small girls (maybe 4 or 5 years old) looking very sweet and innocently sexy. I feel strong sadness and anger that these children were molested by the rapers. (94 words)
#2060 (1992-02-09)

I am looking for an office where I'm supposed to give a speech or presentation for VR counselors. I neglected to write the information down but I have the address memorized. Between 2nd and B I find the place I thought it was, but it is a store. I look and look, going around the corner to where the street logically should be, but I can't find it. I try and try. Now I am concerned because I didn't write down the name or phone number of the woman contact that can tell me where I need to go. I feel foolish. I remember an old office and go there, driving. I find it an old University VR office and ask a man there. He figures it out and tells me they have moved their offices from where I was. So now I go and find the group. I am late, but I cleverly use my experience and relate it in a humorous way to teach them the steps they need to take. They are amused with my cleverness and impressed. (181 words)
#2065 (1992-02-10)

(nap) "Walking naked on another path and all spiritual people come from M City, it's the law." My parents and I are walking down a road, sort of a dirt road through a woods. They want to show me a bird. They get in a stream of water and walk in it. I am still on the road, with a fence between us. My mother slips and falls and sits underwater. I want to help her up but I'm held back by the fence. I wonder why my father isn't helping her. She's there a long time when my father finally helps her up. Now they are both naked and walking in the water. I see a broken gap in the wire fence and I wiggle through. I'm up on the embankment. They join me. I now am naked and a little curious to see my father naked, but embarrassed to look at his genital area. We come to the end of this path at a cliff and my father crawls up to get the bird to show me. I say that it's a new law now that all spiritual people must come from M City (India) and isn't that silly? Lots of good people don't come from there. We are now all walking back and I go through the fence to the dirt road. A man is coming toward me to talk with me. My father is urgently reminding me to put my dress back on! I do so quickly and the man looks at me and comments on how refreshed and cool I look. I notice he is hot and sweaty. I am still cool from the lovely walk in the water. (284 words)
#2067 (1992-02-13)

I am a fan and Elvis is bored. He's way up high on a stage singing and I am way on the floor listening. After he's through singing, his manager or someone whisks him away from the crowd. I get caught up in that and it is decided I can keep him company. We go to a room and Elvis says, "Sit here." I thought he meant on his lap. But he was indicating the chair across from him. I sit and talk like an empathetic counselor, "You look tired." (90 words)
#2068 (1992-02-13)

I win the Academy Award for a movie I'm in. Afterwards, I rush to the library to do research I'm interested in. I feel quite proud that I choose not to join my well wishers in a fun party, but go right on with my work. I am questioned at the library why I've parked my wheelchair in this one spot. It's not allowed. I tell the woman that I have permission to park there. (75 words)
#2069 (1992-02-13)

I am going somewhere in my wheelchair and I am going through other people's houses. I enter the back door, drive through the rooms and go out the front door. In the last house, a boy sees me and is angry. "What are you doing in my house?" he asks. I feel embarrassed. I don't know why I did this. I assure him I'm just passing through. I am not stealing things. He then relaxes. I go out and notice the house so I can return. It is made of cement block and white wrought iron trim. It's kind of ugly and I am surprised because the inside looked sort of ritzy. I see the numbers 5555 on the house and check the street signs. It's back a ways near the corner of 7th street and 11th street. I go on after double checking where it is so I'll remember. (150 words)
#2070 (1992-02-13)

I did research on a board game and played it myself to understand it. It involves movie stars. I now am sharing the game with a group of friends: Hillary of Merton Circle, Bob M of Counseling and two other women. I look up to the ceiling and see four large glass or ceramic things we'd somehow secured up there. One is a large cat ceramic (like the one on my fireplace). Another is a dog one, like a cookie jar. One is a huge red glass bowl with ornate embossed patterns on it, very Victorian and beautiful. I notice it's crooked and may fall. I am concerned because we are seated right under it. In the game, there is a MaMa card and a Doctor card. There are four categories to choose from. One is a picture of a young girl (7-8 years old) fleeing from a woman, perhaps in Indian (eastern) dress or early 1900's dress. The theme is the girl was hurt very badly by her mother. I don't remember the other three categories. I see Ginger Rogers seated near the board. She is one of the women in the group, and I say, "You were my mother in a movie. I'm not surprised you don't remember, I had forgotten too." Now I'm having trouble remembering how to play the game and it is getting boring. I fold it up like an accordion credit card holder, wondering why I thought it was such a good game. [BL] (249 words)
#2071 (1992-02-13)

I'm on stage with the same group from the last dream. We are doing a play and in the middle of it someone says, "Wait a minute, I have to go get something." She leaves the stage and we are left with a long pause. We begin to improvise to stall for time. The audience is seated behind a house wall instead of a curtain. I talk chit chat for a while and then I go downstage and play on a piano. I start with Beethoven's 5th and play the Flight of the Bumblebee and other things with huge, loud chords crashing around. I was splendid. I am surprised because I can't play the piano like this. I peek over the top of the upright piano and wiggle my eyebrows at the audience and they laugh. I continue to clown and play this wonderful music. Finally the woman returns and we continue with the play. Now it's after and the group each has some things in their corner and we are sharing with each other what we have (talking about the things). Bob M says, "I'll just count my money now," and ignores us like he's bored and will do something useful for awhile. I am annoyed at him because he's choosing to not be a part of our circle. Hillary and I lean on each other and feel the same way. I see a beautiful wooden carved tea chest with teas in it. I like it and suggest that we can choose to trade with one another if we liked what the other had better than what we had. This was agreeable with everyone. I traded for the tea chest, and opened the little drawers happily looking at the pretty colored packages of different teas. (296 words)
#2077 (1992-02-14)

I am in bed with a little girl. I get up and try to brush my hair and see huge bald pink spots on my head. I am appalled. I try to brush my hair to cover it up. It's a mess. Then I see my breasts and they have huge dark nipples and a deep purple rash under one breast. Then I notice the same rash under my knees. I am sick, thinking this is some awful disease. Then the purple starts disappearing like a skin color would when the pressure is off (like my ankle). I think to myself that I should spend more time looking at myself in the mirror. (113 words)
#2079 (1992-02-17)

There is a school, perhaps a college, a man. Now I am the new college president. I am building my own college in the deserts of Central (state), near a small town of hicks, in beautiful landscapes of rust colored mountains covered at the top with clouds and in the shape of a cascade mountain, but no snow; rolling hills. I now inspect the campus starting with my office. It is a very pleasant place with windows and mirrors. I go down long halls where the rooms are on each side that I can't see into. They are still being built and are boarded up. I try to imagine what they will look like. It is too much work for the dream imagination to create the details. I come to a ramped sidewalk thing with side walls that are too skinny and keep squeezing me and I keep trying to force them to be more open and accommodating, and finally succeed. The motto of the school or philosophy is that "the process is more important than the knowledge." This is a new way of thinking. I must choose teachers who are open, flexible, honest and creative. Students can goof off, but they are tracked to a goof off track where teachers and counselors work with that energy to transform and "get it more on a productive track." I see Judith who is coming to be interviewed for the teaching job. I give her a packet of tests to take: Meyers Briggs, and some others that I derived from years of working with knowledge-based teachers, what not to be kinds of tests, or measurements. (273 words)
#2080 (1992-02-18)

There's a room full of men who are mindlessly having sex with one another, sort of a sadistic kind of thing. One of them bites me on the ankle and the skin blows up like a transparent balloon and will explode if I'm not careful. I look to where they bite at the back of the ankle and see a dark purple fill up the skin and then the balloon rise of the transparent skin. This is supposedly very sexual, but I don't feel sexual excitement. (86 words)
#2081 (1992-02-19)

I am at a beach with two other women and they point out Merle in his wheelchair and ask if he's tried to date me yet because he's been hitting on them. I feel sadness. I say, "Yes, he has, but, you know, I'm just not interested." I walk down a boardwalk to the beach, and somehow skin my knee. A lifeguard with white blonde hair puts a bandage around it and around my wrist. It is too loose and will come off so Michael has some tape and we are taping the gauze bandage down more tightly. Now I'm ready to play. The lifeguard watches me. My observer point of view is right behind his head. He watches and then walks toward me. Now the point of view is with me and I see a big dog approaching me. He/the lifeguard lays down next to me. I pet him and start to lay one leg up over his back and then change my mind because it could be considered sexual. The dog/lifeguard is intense. (175 words)
#2082 (1992-02-19)

A woman who lost lots of weight and used to be Jean is in the house with me. We have jobs to do. I think it's like Grandma Mildred's house. A man is in charge. I talk with Jean and tell her I'm amazed at how changed she is. She says she did lots of counseling. I want to ask her if she is still seeing Blake. I wonder if he got divorced, since she said they are seeing each other. I think I'm a bit envious. (87 words)
#2084 (1992-02-20)

I and two men are in a large house. We've been up all night writing. Taking turns writing in a computer in a small room that looks out over the ocean. I am distracted from writing when I glance out the window and see how very blue the water is and I think I see a seal. But it is two black dogs sitting in a shrub tree. Then I see penguins and gulls all over. I realize it is the rocky surf and not yet the ocean I am looking at. The ocean is much further out. It is low tide. I then realize I'll never get my writing done if I spend all my time gazing at my ocean. The one man and I are a team helping each other as we write and co-writing the thing. There is a good mutual admiration society going on. [BL] (148 words)
#2085 (1992-02-21)

I am shocked to realize that the nice girl who was babysitting the children for only an hour ate the children. She is also an alien, with eyes that look like tennis balls. She changes into that shape all of a sudden terrifying me and she roars an awful sound. If you are touched by her, you turn into one too. I am now taking care of a woman who sits meekly in a rocking chair. Suddenly, as I am leaning over her to help her, I drool and grin and the alien head pops on and I roar. Now I am trapped and must stay in the small cabin. I try to lock the doors to keep people out. I don't know who is alien and who isn't. I realize I must kill myself and so must the other woman to save everyone else. I don't want to die but I must. There is no other way. A woman named Mary stands outside calling to me. She says "See, you don't have to kill yourself. I was an alien and now I'm OK." I don't quite believe her and hesitate. What should I do? (195 words)
#2086 (1992-02-22)

I decide to take Abner's baby for a few hours. I don't tell him. It ends up I kept the baby overnight and now I feel guilty because I never called Abner to let him know and he must be worried. I worry he'll really be mad at me when he gets the baby. I am standing in the middle of a huge grocery store looking for some food to give the baby. I see packages of baloney, cheese and so on. I choose to feed her cheese and crackers. Then I remember she eats cereal and milk and decide to find some for her. (105 words)
#2087 (1992-02-22)

I am driving down the coast highway in my wheelchair and suddenly have trouble going because the joy stick has snapped off. I try to put it back on but it keeps falling off. I go to a store and see a man in there and ask him if he can fix it. I am in N City. Later I see my father and he says he's going into town. I say, "Well, if it's not too far for you, why not walk the five miles with me? Good exercise for you." He agrees and I feel good we will have this time together. Then someone drives up and says to my father, "Hop in, we'll give you a ride," and he does, completely forgetting me. I feel hurt and abandoned. I then suggest to them (my mother and brothers and my father) that if we all went in my van, I could join them. They agree, feeling a little bad they didn't think of it before. Then my mother shows me a present she got me. I unzip the package and see two cute jackets for a child, size 4. They are vest-like jackets in a pretty green plaid. There are words knitted into the waist band, something about enjoying the outdoors and river rafting. Someone says that they'll exchange the clothes for some my adult size since I've decided to like the emerald green color (like I've matured somehow and accepted the goodness of that color and allowed myself to wear this color). (255 words)
#2090 (1992-02-23)

Something about being in the M City house and seated on the living room couch and then I am seated in a old-fashioned school desk made for two with a good-looking young man with salt and pepper gray hair. He and I are very lovey. It feels wonderful to be close to him and touch his hair and flirt. He is Alfred Hitchcock's son. We laugh at the funniness that would be if I were fat and he were skinny (beings as how Hitchcock was fat). (86 words)
#2091 (1992-02-23)

I receive a large package and I am intrigued about who could have sent it. It is filled with lots of little packages and notes on each one and I have to be careful not to rip any envelopes open because there are notes all over it. I carefully read it and exclaim, "Oh, this is from Robert Price, the man I met in Alaska." We were at a party or festival at the end of school finals and met just at the end of it before I had to catch a train home. We were very drawn to one another, but the timing was wrong and I had to leave. He had talked about a place in Alaska where we could get together, like a resort, and enjoy each other's company in a restful atmosphere. In the package are fishing rods and I laugh because I don't fish and I remember the negative stuff around Howard giving me a left-handed fishing reel. I am not offended, however, but pleased. I see little lures and fly tackle and stuff and I say to Ginny, "Look, he's courting me." She asks what I'm going to do about it. I say, "Well, even if it doesn't work out, I'll always have this wonderful moment. At least someone is courting me." I am going to meet him in Alaska and give it a try. (231 words)
#2092 (1992-02-25)

Tom Cruise is driving a car. His girlfriend is in the passenger side and I am in the back, between them, leaning over the front seat to talk with them. I see Tom copy some words off a paper and he wads it up and throws it away. I see it is a FIRO-B test form and I start to tell him all about how I was a counselor at the community college and gave that test which was developed by (I couldn't remember his name), that California Pop Psychology guy, oh, yeah, Will Schultz. I then say, "I gave that test to all my family members and they sure didn't like that." I laugh. Then I see we are going across a huge river. The water level is right up to the edge of the road and a long, black, snaky hose thing is floating in the river. Now we go up on the bridge, which arches up high, and I see that the road is also water and we hit something submerged in the water. I look and see a tip of an iceberg shaped like a volcano. I say, "Oh, look, there are those ice cubes, no, ice bergs." We slow down and hit a few more as we go. (213 words)
#2093 (1992-02-25)

I am training a group of people and we are doing a bike race. I notice the roads are covered with ice and snow and it is slick. I am worried I won't be able to keep up with the students and feel inadequate. We are going to go across a bridge to Canada. But I'm told the bike lane is closed and we have to bike on the freeway part with the cars. I feel concerned. That is too dangerous. (81 words)
#2094 (1992-02-25)

I'm in a line with my daughter Paulina. Then, I am the playwrighting class teacher, helping Jock teach the class. I've read the contest play entries and come into the classroom. No one is there. Jock is sick and the students haven't come in yet. I see Richard and we talk. I am attracted to him and he is sort of to me. I am aware he's younger. Now there is a bed in the room and I sit on it and Richard flirts and we hold hands and roll around playfully. There is some witty repartee as we "dance" with a push-pull feeling - like him or not like him, that is the question. My brother Dwight comes in and I try to introduce him to Richard and three other students that had come in late. I can't remember his name and call him Jackie and he corrects me and says Johnny. He's a bit annoyed with me. He gives me two cans of soda and his business card. I see on the card he makes wood toys and a woman says, "Oh, do you carve them with his knife or your dick?" He's leaving and retorts, "You tell me, girl." He's out the door and I wisecrack, "What a cutting remark," and laugh. He laughs and is gone. I feel a little badly that my sarcasm could be taken hurtfully (a cutting remark). A student named Nate wasn't going to be in today because his wife or girlfriend was knifed, but he shows up. I want to ask him how his girlfriend is doing, but so much is happening all at once. (274 words)
#2095 (1992-02-26)

I see a baby girl wearing a sweater, and Howard is around and I get concerned and want the baby to change and not wear a revealing sweater so someone won't get the idea of playing with her breasts. A woman tells me I'm being silly and jumping to conclusions. I realize she's right. Now I'm somewhere and want some information. I've been invited to go to Africa and at first don't want to, too much energy and trouble, but then I realize this is a great opportunity and want to go, even though it means risk. Howard goes up to a man to ask a question for me. I know I should do it myself but I let him. The man grins and grabs Howard and hugs him in a New Age enlightened syrupy way and Howard sends me a speaking glance because this makes him feel silly. I laugh because it's so silly to see him standing there. It's a shared moment. I am eating a hard boiled egg and think, "Now I'll have to share this with him," and then I want to share it with him, he's been so helpful. (194 words)
#2097 (1992-03-04)

I am playing a guitar with Rolling Stones, sort of an audience member asked up, and I surprise them by being very good. Now they will let me be a member of the band. We go to the trailer that we travel in to sleep. There are three bedrooms but many band members, so I must share the bedroom with Mick Jagger. There are three beds and he sleeps in one and I the other. As I sleep, he gets up and stands next to my bed, looking at me. He likes me. It is gentle. Then he gets in bed with me. I wake up and am upset. I "knew" he'd try something. But he doesn't try anything. He just watches me. (123 words)
#2098 (1992-03-04)

My "sister" and I are told to clean up the outside deck, which is quite large, like a dock area on a lake. It is next to a large body of water. So I have a broom and my area is around the lake edge, but I am haphazardly doing it, missing places and slowing down. My sister is working hard. I realize that I have left great clumps of dirt and lots of little dust, so I go back, realizing "better late than never" and try to clean it all up. We finally get it all done. I see a stairway down to a cabin where "Barb, or Pricilla or Cinderella" lives. She's a nice lady. We go to say hi. She gives me a haircut. We come back up to the dock area, hanging up the broom, and now the dock is covered almost knee deep in water. It's a bit difficult to see where to step, so we are careful and a little nervous. I didn't remember so much water before. Grandfather calls from the cabin and he doesn't approve of my haircut. I hand him a note from the lady saying he probably won't like it, but she hopes he forgives her and can see how nice it is. A small note from Maggie (disabled) is handwritten in blue ink. She says she's doing fine and is still going to school at M&A (Math and Arts). I know that means she's taking one class in math. "Big deal," I think. (254 words)
#2099 (1992-03-05)

I am at an abbey for a conference and somehow I leave the lecture feeling picked on and sad. My time there is spoiled, so they owe me an extra day and night's lodging there to make up for it. I walk down several flights of stairs and see books lying under the stairs, books about babies and children. I want to pick them up, but keep going. Now there is a long hall with doors opened to rooms on both sides. I look to one on the right and see a little girl baby in a pink sleeper smiling at me. Her woman caregiver holds her up. I enter the room reserved for visitors of the abbey. Other women are there; so is a priest. I think he's attractive and am aware he's a priest. He gives me a book. He gives each of us the book he considers appropriate for us to walk around the room with. I see the title. It is "To Be A Star" [I typed start twice instead of star]. I feel a bit uppity and think, "Of course he would give me this book. How appropriate." Then I look more closely and see it is a book about Jesus. I suddenly feel humbled and very sad. I feel like crying, like grieving. I walk the room holding this book and wondering if I can handle this huge responsibility. Now I sit at a table. The priest is there and several other women. I take off my suit jacket, and think, "This won't do any good because he's a priest." I notice my frilly, ruffly blouse. I sit. (268 words)
#2100 (1992-03-09)

I'm on a train-like thing and going to a writer's contest or something. I sit next to my "teacher" a short, pudgy guy in a brown sweater (sort of like Marshall Peters). He loves me and I feel warm about him, but won't admit it. We talk about my writing. I am flip and confident; I did well. He questions me. I see a man like Dennis of writing class. He's furiously writing. I put my head suddenly on the teacher's shoulder and say, "I guess I'll take a nap." He likes that I nestle there, but he's agitated because he wants to confess his love and doesn't have confidence. He says something and I look up and we kiss, hesitantly. We smile. The deed is done. We understand that we love each other. Another young man says, "Maybe you should be working on your writing." I shrug. The young man reads a sentence from Dennis' work and I realize I had misjudged him. He can write well; I thought he was just a kook. The teacher and I decide to get on this futuristic train-like thing that goes very fast to go get my script and read it closely to see if I need to rewrite. We sit in the leaned back seats and feel the immense pressure of takeoff and the pressure of the speed. Will we survive it? Yes. (232 words)
#2102 (1992-03-20)

I go to a man's house for a meeting of people with computers. It is very late at night when we get done. I say, "It will be hard to pack all my equipment into my house when I get home and I don't want to leave it in the car all night. It will freeze." I see snow on my computer keys. The old man says, concerned, "You don't have anyone to help you?" I say, "No." A young man who likes me helps pack it up for me. I get a pile of clothes and look through it and find some outfits for my little girl, who is tired and cranky. We start to walk home and the streets are wide with double lanes and it is daylight, even though it is very late at night. A few cars drive by. We turn a corner to the right and the little black girl whines and cries and lays down. I have to pull her along by her arm and apologize to her, saying, "We have to make it home. Please cooperate." We find the apartment, walk down a stairs and go in. Supposedly this is sort of in the slums and dangerous, but the place looks fine. When I get in, I see the man has already brought my computer and set it up. I put the clothes on a table and take the girl to her bed, asking her if she wants a drink of water. She whines and then goes to sleep immediately. I feel tired too. (261 words)
#2103 (1992-03-21)

I am a cowboy and must help save my buddy held captive in a barn. I sneak up on the barn and make noises so they will come out and chase me and two other men. They ride away in another direction, leading the bad men after them and I circle around and sneak up again on the barn. I see a wad of money stuck in the barn wall and more is handed to me by somebody riding on a horse. I yell and maybe throw some money at the ones in the barn and they come after me. I ride fast and they follow, shooting, and I lean frontward over the horse, trying not to get shot. I am worried because they are catching up and I'll die. I see a train and I yell, "Is this the St. Louis car?" Someone says no and finally after several tries, I grab the last car and crawl up into it. Someone says, "That's the St. Louis car," and I say, "Yes, that's what I've been waiting for," or "Good, this is what I want." I met someone and they were from St. Louis and I loved them and now I'm going to go find them. (206 words)
#2105 (1992-03-24)

I am living at home with my parents in M City. I have three cars and someone delivers some oil. It squirts out of the hose and leaks all over as it fills a tank outside the house. I feel better having it full now. I get in my red car with a floor stick shift and start to drive. I turn the corner to the left and squeal out, liking the good way the car is running. I feel pleased that I have three running cars now and Howard doesn't have as much. I feel a bit sorry for him, and as I drive I realize he wants to talk to me and wonder what it's about. I am feeling a bit superior about being better off than Howard. Then I remember I still live with my parents and feel embarrassed because I should at this age be out on my own. Even though I need someone to live in and help me, I could do that with a roommate. That would be more adult than relying on my parents. [BL] (181 words)
#2106 (1992-03-25)

I look up and the baby girl has gone off to talk to some people. I feel tired, but it is my duty to teach her the more disciplined way of not barging in other people's conversations. I go get her and bring her back. She is not happy about that. Soon I see that she has gone again and I get up and retrieve her again. I feel tired, but know this is the only way to assist her to get along better with others. Later, we are in our apartment. I am in a dining area and a big living room adjoins it. There is also a bedroom space where my bed is and another open space where her bed is. I walk into the bedroom area and see it's really a barn. There is a layer of hay on the floor and the whole end wall is missing and open to the outdoors. I am surprised and repeat to myself, "I live in a barn." I go back to the dining area and then feel danger. I know the elevator is going to crash through the ceiling. At first I think it is the girl that lives above us dancing too much or something. I look up and see a square and then it opens up and an open elevator crashes through with two people on it, one a boy and the other a huge fat woman. It smashes the couch and I am relieved to know I or the little girl wasn't sitting there or we'd have been smashed. [BL] (263 words)
#2107 (1992-03-25)

I am napping and try to wake up because I remember I've been sleeping all day and haven't changed the diaper of the baby. She's been laying in a crib all day waiting for me to wake up. Then I become aware that I am sleeping in a crib and Abner comes in and sees me asleep and puts a blanket over me. I try to tell him not to, that I am trying to wake up and get up now, but I can't wake up because I'm in such a heavy sleep. (93 words)
#2108 (1992-03-25)

I am running for my life from the bad guys. We make it to a no man's land. One woman and two of the little girls make it across, and myself and a young boy don't make it. Two families have been split up. We are black. I feel sadness that I am split from my little girl, but relieved that I still have my boy. Now the bad guy is a nurse and I am a patient, in a hospital bed. She is mixing a nasty, poisonous, brown concoction that looks like liquid shit. She is going to kill me. My boy, dressed like an orderly with a mask over his mouth, comes in as the nurse goes into the bathroom to wash off the poison from her hands. He makes himself known to me and tells me where the poison is and not to drink it. So I am to refuse the big pills and he will spill the brown liquid. I insist on taking my usual pills, the cortisone and hormones, and they get stuck in my throat because I take them all at once. The boy tells a woman to get the tomato juice ready and warns me not to try this. I am stubborn. Even though he tells me I might have to drink the poison to get the pills down, I swallow and swallow and they get stuck and I drink the juice and get them down. The other woman is Gracie Allen and she says "Well, George, I guess I'll have to buy her a drink after we get out of here." I smile. The boy spills the brown stuff after I pretend to drink some. We have foiled the bad guys. (289 words)
#2109 (1992-03-25)

I am in the front row of a huge audience in a big gym for a rock concert. I am in a manual wheelchair. There are some other disabled people in the audience but mostly they are ab's. There is a large empty floor space between the first row of audience and the stage. On the stage is a group of men playing rock music. One is particularly attractive. He says he will kiss one of the disabled people. I go up quickly to the edge of the stage and he comes down on the floor and picks me up in a lavish body dancing dip posture and exaggerates a kiss. I play along dramatically. As we finally kiss, I realize he is wearing a wooden mask with a small hole for the mouth and he "tongues" me through the hole. He whispers his apology and says that later we will really kiss. I feel frustrated, but try my best to kiss real good. Our tongues touch. I go back to my seat. Now the group resets up their stage setting on the floor right in front of me. They have a play they will do and create fold-out sets and costumes in a wardrobe, within a foot of where I sit. I am excited I will get to see things so close. He asks how many disabled there are in the audience. They yell or raise their hands. There are a few. I change to my power wheelchair to dance with him. [BL] (253 words)
#2110 (1992-03-26)

My floors are bare of carpets. They are wooden and cold to walk on barefooted. There is a delivery of logs and I move far away so I don't get crushed by them. When I come back to see what I got, I am ashamed to see they are only a pile of stacked shingles for a roof. Someone says there is no shame in this, but I feel embarrassed. (70 words)
#2111 (1992-03-26)

I own a hotel and there is a conference being held there today. I get dressed in a pretty dress and walk out to greet the people, timing it carefully to come out just when the good-looking man comes in. I miss it a bit and try again. The women come in and I give them the keys to their complementary resting rooms and try to connect with the man. He is allusive. I suggest I show him his room; he can use mine. I take him to the elevator. He turns and walks away. I turn and push number 4 and the elevator opens. It is tiny and crowded with a wheelbarrow with a small girl in it and a metal container that smells very metallic. I get in, resigned, and go up to my room. [BL] (137 words)
#2125 (1992-04-06)

I'm going to meet Fox for a bit of lovely flying venture. I go flying, but he's not there. I circle and spiral and fly and float. It's very beautiful and I miss Fox being there. I notice a fish and air bubbles and think I've landed in an ocean and am swimming. Then I'm alone in the air again. Then I hear an airplane and realize I could crash into them. One comes through a brown, thick cloud wall and I narrowly escape a collision. I then dive for earth and land. I see Fox and he's coming to me with a girl and I realize that girl is me, in a younger time. Her hair is brown, mine is blonde. Fox can see me, but she can't. The three of us shower together. I wash her back and Fox says, "Easy. Don't hurt her." I guess I was a bit jealous. I lovingly wash his back. (158 words)
#2127 (1992-04-09)

I hear a group singing a song and am drawn to it. I stand and listen. It is a love song and very tender and I feel so sad and vulnerable because I don't have anyone to love and want it very much. I wonder if my face is showing my emotion. Later, a woman sings a song about protecting your man, standing in front of him so he won't get hurt. I really agree with this and feel drawn again to the music. I join in and sing and find myself with a sort of barbershop quartet group doing fine harmonies. (102 words)
#2129 (1992-04-09)

I see people bringing bouquets of flowers. I sort of know they are for me but don't go look yet. I see my mother and then I wander over to see who my flowers are from. I see a box of papers, the mail and see a newspaper clipping about how beloved a stepsister-in-law I am. The flowers are gone, being hidden from me until later, a party perhaps. A man comes over and talks. He has strange beautiful hair, rainbow colors and a golden shine to it. He's a sort of distant brother-in-law or something. He seems a bit in awe of me and keeps talking about anything to keep my attention and he feels a bit embarrassed about how he is running off at the mouth. I see a baby, who grabs the whipped cream. I am given a bit of chocolate cheese cake that is an old family recipe and ask if there is sugar in it. There is, but I take one bite anyway; it is heavenly. Now the baby is making a mess with the whipped cream and I grab its little chubby arm and try to take the whipped cream away. It turns into a power struggle and I lean over and take a fold of its skin at the wrist and bite it until it is painful enough to make the baby drop the whipped cream. I won, but I don't feel good about the way I did it. (246 words)
#2130 (1992-04-10)

The King of England is very proper and shy and he loves Spring Byington. He courts her in an old fashioned way. She is shy and turns her head away. He is very hurt and I see his face, looking sad. She turns back. He says, "I see, then you don't care." She says, "Oh, no, that's not it." She tells him she loved the sweet gesture of handing her a tea tray so elegantly. They smile at each other. (80 words)
#2131 (1992-04-10)

I go upstairs to my bedroom and see the room in a shambles, the bed turned and in the opposite side of the room. I say, "What happened here?" Aunt Naomi says, "Basketball," meaning the teen boys must have been playing basketball in my room. I say, "How am I going to get this back the way it was?" She says, "We'll get Lionel to help us." I start to go downstairs but she says, "No, let's do it the easy way, and put the phone on hold and dial 86, the extension." She does so and we wait. I see Lionel walk past the door across the hall and don't call out to him. We wait some more. Naomi calls again, number 85. She goes out. I start to move the bed myself. It was pretty easy. I almost get it in the right position but now I wait some more. [BL] (152 words)
#2133 (1992-04-12)

Ellie is looking into a mirror and talking about herself. I am annoyed at her; what a self centered person! I walk away. My dream voice says in disgust, "Are you really going to wait until 9:30 or 10:00 to write this down? You'll lose too much." (I do wait and lose most of it all.) There is a General, a woman who has some information. I need to exonerate myself from some trouble I got myself into. She brings me the disks, 3.5 size computer disks. I feel cagey, not totally open to her. She asks me to reimburse her for the costs of the disks. I am the wife of me and I say, "Of course, we'll find the money somehow." Me/the husband says, "Good wife," but me/he feels somehow betrayed by the General's self-interest there, even though it was appropriate. (143 words)
#2134 (1992-04-13)

There's this man who is teaching a night course in movie critiquing. He's in love with a woman who is an alien and she's in love with another man. She hires out as a butler in the creepy mansion of the bad man to check out and get evidence. I/the man who loves her, comes and disguises myself and comes in the house. I see the alien man, the mobster bad man, and follow as the butler girlfriend follows him and takes pictures. Now it is time to escape, they are on to us, so we find a corner of the lawn where a dirt slide is built into the embankment. We slide down one by one and get into something, maybe a back of a van or a room, I'm not sure. I am getting ready for bed. My parents are there, and my father is helping me get cozy. He puts a warm stocking hat nightcap on my head, mittens on my hands and little "booties" like stocking caps for my breasts. A warm robe is on after that and the blankets are tucked in and I'm saying, "Ok, it was a strange movie, there was this guy who was in love with an alien woman and she was in love with another man and then they were in the bad man's house and she was a butler, only they got suspicious because she looked alien to them." My mother interrupts, "Well, of course they would notice, how silly," and I go on telling the story of the movie and say the man in love with the woman is a movie critic who teaches a night class once a week. (282 words)
#2136 (1992-04-15)

Arvonne is my roommate, assistant and we are preparing for a presentation I will be making, a sort of seminar I am putting on. I look into a shallow fish tank and see a fat little black fish trying desperately to jump out of the tank. I laugh, because he looks so silly and intense. Then I see there is no more water in the tank and furthermore a Siamese cat from the neighborhood is in the tank playing with the fish, getting ready to eat him, when the fun is over. I see the fish's cute face and see the sadness it feels and I feel empathy for it. I get a hose and spray water at the cat to make it get out of the tank, and then, of course, fill up the tank with water, saving the fish. Meanwhile, in my preparations, I feel some anxiety about being properly prepared. I am washing my feet and scrubbing the crud off the sides and toes when co-worker Juliet comes early; I wasn't expecting her. I am pleased and surprised when I see her hairdo, a 1950's bouffant style. (190 words)
#2137 (1992-04-15)

I am a business woman, a professional, and very busy. I am in a house and look out a window and see down below, outside, an old Greek style ruins with the wildness of an unkept garden through it. I wish to go see it; it looks interesting, but I am preparing for something. There are three strong, muscular men, my exhusband, a sort of Arnold Swartzenegger type, and a young Burt Reynolds type and a third man. They all love me and follow me around, getting in my way. Now I am me and I carry a cat that belongs to the busy woman the men love. I see a man who has been spreading rumors about the woman and I stand in front of him, looking down at him, and give him a strong lecture about how insensitive and cruel he was to speak about something he didn't know, only guessed at, and spread the word. Now it is causing harm to the woman. He is embarrassed and very sorry. (172 words)
#2138 (1992-04-18)

I am in the passenger side of the van. Dwight and maybe Ginny are with me. We go from gas station to gas station, looking for something to put air in the tires and a bathroom, but we don't find either. I look ahead and see a tiny board across a ditch and Ginny intends too drive over it to go on. I say, "Can't you see? This won't work. Absolutely, this van will not fit on that. It's too small. This absolutely won't work." Ginny seems intent on doing it anyway, so I get out and measure the width of the tires by my hands and say, "Look at this, and the back tires, it will not fit, absolutely." Ginny doesn't say a word, but simply pushes the car with Dwight's help over the board which barely fits. They get across. I feel a bit embarrassed but say, "Well, if you push it slowly, then it works, but not if you had driven it!" Now I'm in the back seat with lots of other people and I'm seated on a man's lap. I say, "...and you should have seen the Pope in that silly dress sitting on the lap of the secret service." I realize that there might be Catholics in the van and wonder if I've embarrassed myself by being bigoted. I see a man sitting alone in the passenger side up front and feel envy. I want to sit alone where it is not so crowded. Now we are in a church and someone, an older woman, is looking at the seating chart and directing where various groups (plays, or their actors, really) will sit. She seems pleased there are no big problems. Even the Pope is behaving himself and not embarrassing us. (296 words)
#2139 (1992-04-18)

We are told to line up around the room and start on the bottom shelf of books. It's a book sale and we are all grabbing the books we want to buy. Someone on my left grabs a book in my section, I say, "I already have it, it's OK," and move on. Now I see a display of glass pretties. Someone exchanges the little glass pitcher or creamer with another one that matches the bowl already there. It's like my mother's cranberry sauce bowl, glass rounded ribs. I say, "Very nice, but probably more expensive and too big to be in scale." I go on. I remember to look for a video camera case to fit my video camera and ask a man. He is condescending and looks for an ordinary case. I am annoyed. Can't he see? I say, "If you would just look at MY camera, you would see it is a more complex and advanced camera." I am annoyed he doesn't realize I'm quite good at this and not just average or a beginner. [BL] (178 words)
#2140 (1992-04-19)

I am off in some arctic wasteland and it is dark. There are men out there and I hide from them. I try to see where I am going and I march in the snow and ice and nearly go over the edge of an abyss. My partner on the trek stops me just in time, by accident really, not aware we are on the brink of sliding off the edge and down a huge fall to a meandering river. The staff I use to walk with nearly goes through the snow at the cliff's edge. I back up, still unaware and find a tent. We decide to stay in it, but first I use a flashlight to look out and over the river far down below. I use the arc of the light to show where I think the bad guys are. I see a snow bar across the river, a waterfall and so on. My partner gets worried and insists I turn the light off because it will lead the bad guys right to us. I am oblivious to danger and we go into the tent. Soon the men are around the outside and we must defend ourselves. The big man has a leather glove on his hand and a long whip, and he is outside the tent whipping around trying to find us in the dark in the tent. I finally, like a bantam rooster, grab the whip and pull on it until I've wrestled it out of his hand, glove and all. Now I am whipping at him fast and competently. He's rather amazed. I go outside and continue whipping. A small "robin bird" goes in and someone says, "Stop him, he'll get hurt." (288 words)
#2144 (1992-05-01)

A man and his brother are with Ellie and me. He is an Eskimo and we sit together on a bench at a table. He hugs me and kisses and I start to remember how good it feels to have someone be physical with me. He looks like Brent from playwright class. Ellie doesn't want anything to do with his brother and so he goes off to find someone else. Now I'm with him and a man comes to the car I'm in (I'm in the backseat) and tries to force me to make love to him. He kisses me and I go limp and then I bite him hard and he gets more vicious and I decide to just "take it" and get it over with. I hate it. He leaves and the cops come and I point to the house he's in and call them violent kids. (149 words)
#2145 (1992-05-02)

I tell Jock about a dream I had about having incest relations with my father. He disapproves and doesn't want to hear. He is insensitive and moves away. I am hurt. I think, "Maybe I don't want to know this information." I now need to lock up. I walk down a flight of stairs to a basement door and lock it. The door accidentally opens a bit and I see a lone man seated on a single bed off in the corner. I shut the door and lock it and go back up the stairs. I see two girls playing in a bank of dirt. They are forming stairs out of the dirt. I think that is interesting. Now the two girls had a bath and I am helping to dry them off with a towel. I am aware I should not touch the girls unnecessarily. I dry off the dark-skinned girl and turn to see Charla in a corner, turned away from me, and I see she is playing with her vagina which is upside down and has two red and two yellow strands of something. I am repulsed. I try to draw her attention to get her to stop. Now Ginny/Karen and I are dancing like the 1940's jitterbug. (211 words)
#2146 (1992-05-03)

I see a neat computer program in a computer and suggest we network our computers so I can use it too. We do and I am delighted about what this program does. I write in a story and it creates a moving picture or cartoon response to my words. It's very fast and well done. I hear two male voices, both talking at once, and comment that this was actually two parts of my mind that were working simultaneously, one intuitive and the other analytical. (85 words)
#2147 (1992-05-05)

I am in my house. Howard's bedroom is on the second floor and mine is in the attic room on the first floor. I see his face and think sadly, "We never connect. It's been years." I try to feel OK about connecting, but just can't. Someone is cleaning up, vacuuming. I see a pile of marbles on the floor. I start to walk down the stairs, which are a spiral type, and nearly fall because I was not paying attention and stepping on the little tiny edges at the center. I realize and pull back and carefully walk down the outside edges. I go outside and see a little girl and pick her up. I feel so lonely. I lie down and my head is on the legs of a nice man; we are sort of on a beach area. He observes. The baby says, "I bit my mustache." I laugh. She is so cute. I say, "Where?" I kiss her on her cheek lovingly. (166 words)
#2149 (1992-05-11)

I am doing my business and somehow things are not coming together well. I don't know what the next piece is and I kind of put things together as best I can, but I finally walk away from a big mess in the center of the room. It feels like a play I'm writing. Now I am a woman, like Cybil Shepard, and I am married to Robin Williams. Robert DeNiro likes me also, because Robin does. He follows, with intent to charm me. We are all now being followed by a mobster man and his henchmen who will kill or rape me. I decide to take a shower. I go into the shower stall and am worried because one of the henchmen is in the shower stall next to me, looking for me. He senses I'm there and tries to rip open the metal wall between us. Meanwhile Robert is washing his face in a sink and is trying to clean up so he will be more acceptable to me, and next to him is Robin who walks into another shower stall and sits naked on a toilet, his penis tucked down in the bowl like I've seen Howard do. (201 words)
#2150 (1992-05-11)

I am trying to put on a glove; it has the fingers removed, which makes it easier, but it is still a struggle. It is pink and goes all the way up my arm to the shoulder. I see my white blouse underneath it. There is only one glove for the left hand. I feel great happiness at being able to finally get it over my bent fingers and the bandage I wear on my wrist. Another woman wears a black lacy glove. (83 words)
#2151 (1992-05-11)

I put my head on Howard's shoulder and it is sweet and warm. I hold a teen-aged kitten in my lap and it is all happy and excited when Dwight enters the room. I say to him, "Oh, of course, she's got a thing for you." Now I sit in a easy chair and a pudgy man I don't like sits in it with me, which makes it crowded. I feel sleepy and start to lean over to my left and lay my head on the arm of a man there. I shift position and the pudgy man tries to get me to lay my head on him, but I don't want to. My first thing I try to do is pretend I'm asleep, but then I wake up and say to him, "Don't." (134 words)
#2152 (1992-05-12)

I'm on a swing thing. There are others and Drew is on one and he likes me and there is a sort of courtship. It is informal and slow. Then there is a short man who is nervous and follows us. The rains have fallen and now the plants are going crazy in a growing fervor. The wooden benches grow up two feet from the force of the plants growing under them. A wall board, or series of wall planks, has plants on them that before the rains were from top to bottom, but now only cover 1/2 the board surface, because it is the boards that are growing like crazy. There is a sense of excitement and happiness at all this wonderful, wild growing; relief. It's been so long since the last rain. (134 words)
#2153 (1992-05-12)

I am a teacher or a teacher's aide. One boy tries to sneak out the door. He thinks it is locked. I ask him where he's going. He says he wants an ice cream. I smile and say "OK, I'll get you one." I open the door. The doorknob wobbles, but it opens and I go down the hall to get the ice cream, even though it isn't the right time or place for that to happen. Now I am at the top of stairs, time to catch a plane. I need to go to the bathroom and leave my purse and papers out on the floor, wondering if anyone will take them. Perhaps I shouldn't leave them unattended (the purse reminds me of the one I lost in Junior high that had a silly picture of Mr. W). I come back out and they are still there. I see the janitor has swept the stairs and left half of each step covered with the dirt/leaves and debris. I try to step on the cleaned sides. Toward the bottom, lots of people and I are racing, accelerating our speed, but not on purpose. It is the function of going down the stairs, and I hope I don't miss a step and fall on my face. I rush for a plane. (220 words)
#2156 (1992-05-14)

There is a second story deck around the building and I see the wood is stamped with the name Dougal. I look for my new camera because I want to take some interesting pictures of a dirt pile, an aquarium being made, and a tree with interesting lighting, but I can't find my new camera. I find my old one and take pictures, but I am unsure of the exposure times and focus. I then find where my father has accidentally put my camera away in the living room closet. I use it now. I am now in a spacious bathroom where I lay down on a futon/chaise lounge thing to suntan. There is a choice of music, chips and crackers to eat. It is pleasant. I get naked and enjoy the relaxing moment. (134 words)
#2158 (1992-05-15)

I'm in a line getting ready to get into the parade. I start to take my place and notice I'd be walking behind a garbage truck and change my mind. Then I let several people ahead of me. I see Archie, and he has a wagon contraption tied to him and he is dragging a man around as part of his costume. I wonder if that won't hurt the man to be drug around so much. He doesn't seem to mind. Archie leaves to go to the bathroom; the line starts to move. Several women shove ahead of me and I shove them back. We have a shoving power struggle and I win, but feel silly having done that, also feel surprised I did that and kind of pleased. I try and drag Archie's wagon to help keep him in line. He catches up and we go through a gate and he puts his arms around me from behind and says, "I missed you at Asa's house." I hesitate and then lean into his tentative embrace. I say, "No one asked me." He says, "I hoped you'd be there," and then he kisses me and I respond and we roll and do contact improv things as we kiss and embrace. It feels wonderful. (213 words)
#2160 (1992-05-17)

I have finally finished a schedule of pill taking and am relieved I no longer have to take these pills. It feels good. I get in the passenger side of the car to return home. Something about Grandma Mildred. We forgot something, maybe the key to the house, and she goes back to get it. I sit, waiting, and then realize I have the key and we can go in to wait for her return. I get out and try to find the key in my purse. I finally find it. A girl comes by with a note from Grandma. A man reads it and sighs, I might have known to not send her. She's buying things for the house, a refridge and a stove for the kitchen. [BL] (128 words)
#2162 (1992-05-21)

I am furious at everybody. I scream angry words at Howard. I threaten to throw out two little boys. I am angry at Dovre and her new boyfriend, a white-haired man named Sam who is 48 years old. Dovre is talking about marrying him and they've only just met and he's my age, old enough to be her father. (He reminds me of Dino.) I want them all out of my house, except Dovre. She can stay. But she is angry at me, hurt, and decides to stay with a dog-like animal who is very nurturing and nurses her babies for four years, much longer than most animals like her do. I see her nipples and feel some disgust. Dovre leaves and I sort of don't blame her. (128 words)
#2163 (1992-05-22)

I am walking with Barry. He and I like each other, but he is involved with another woman. So we walk down some stairs and around, he wants to show me a place to sit where not many people are around. We are talking. We come around a corner and find a laundromat. A woman Barry knows is there and they exchange greetings, I am vaguely aware of embarrassment, caught, but maybe she won't notice. A lovely black and white dog recognizes me and is surprised and pleased to see me. She/he raises his paw to shake my hand. I say, "Weren't you a horse, before?" He says yes. I say, "But now you've decided to stay on the farm." He says yes. I say, "Isn't a bit of a comeuppance for you? (or a step down)." He says, "It depends on your point of view." I smile, realizing I had been prejudicial. "Oh yeah," I say. We chat. I smile again at the dog, sort of absentmindedly, and he automatically jumps up and raises his paw to be shaken again. Then Barry sees a male friend of his in a beret hat. They greet. Barry asks him, "How are you?" He says, "Fine." They talk. Then Barry asks about particulars and he says he lives with ____, a man. Barry says, "Oh, roommates," like he's remembering his girlfriend guiltily. I now am walking with the man and listening to him talk. "Are you still in elementary education?" I ask. He says he is. I wonder if that's a good idea, him being gay and all. I hope nobody finds out or he'll be in trouble. (276 words)
#2165 (1992-05-23)

The baby needs a bath and everybody out, this house hasn't been cleaned for years, the blue stairs. I receive the baby from Ellie and I see she has been neglected. Her ears have crud in them and her hair is dirty and her skin. I feel sorry for her and decide to bathe her. I go to an old, big sink and start the water. I see a bar of ivory soap. I talk soothingly to the baby saying, "I know you don't like this but I need to get you clean." She doesn't resist and I clean her up good. "Where are the Q-tips?" I ask and she tries to struggle. "I guess I shouldn't have said it out loud," I say. She relaxes. I clean her ears. I notice I haven't rinsed the soap off her hair and face well enough and rinse her under the faucet. Now I wrap her gently in a blanket, and we go out to the main part of the house. It's a mess. There are lots and lots of rooms with building blocks (child's toys all over the floor and lots of clutter). I get angry and call out, "Everybody come here in a circle in the living room. We have to talk." I think there sure are more people living here than I thought. Three old homeless types lay on the couch and refuse to help or participate. I say, "Look, either move into the circle or I call the police and you're out of here." They grudgingly start to move. I walk down some weird rickety blue stairs that overlap themselves and end before they reach the floor and then I see more to the floor. I step into the center of the forming circle. (296 words)
#2167 (1992-05-26)

A detective man is attracted to me. There is an invisible bad guy, father, lurking around and we are trying to get evidence that he exists. Perhaps my brother Jake has taken some photos that show the shadow of the invisible people. He won't let us near where he has buried the evidence and I figure out where it is. The photo shows my "mother" having an affair with another man. My "father" is revengeful. I figure the information is buried in some boxes in the back end of the kitchen pantry room under the floor. I start to go there. The father pulls his laser gun and threatens to burn me if I persist. I know I must do it. I tell him, "You can no longer choose for me what I can know or not know. I must do that myself." He burns me with the red laser ray and it is excruciatingly painful, but I persist and fire back to him with my laser ray. We fight it out and I win. Now I am negotiating with the family, and the detective man who I love and loves me waits outside playing with the dog or a young boy, a younger brother of mine, waiting. Now I am going on stage to audition, singing with some already proven groups. I sing and hand my tapes to the woman who says that it's nice, but they have lots of voices as good. I sing for another group and then get together with the young man. We will do a duo and do it well. (266 words)
#2168 (1992-06-02)

My sister Lydia shows me her wound from surgery on her hip. She says, "You may not want to see it. It's pretty messy." I hesitate and then Mirabelle and I look. It is hard to look at, lots of bloody gauze bandages and so on. Then I look up at the window and see lots of drips of water coming off the top window casement. Then I see it is blood, probably from Lydia's wound. It is dripping past the bleeding heart plant hanging in the window and I comment, "How ironic, eh?" My parents are gone this evening looking for a washer and a dryer for me. Spooky things happen. I feel a bit scared. Finally they return and they say they already took the machines to E City, that's what took them so long. We'd been doing laundry all night, which is part of why the lights went out and scared us. (155 words)
#2169 (1992-06-04)

Howard is crying with true grief. I am surprised and tender. He says "Twelve years and I'm a failure." His wife Karen is divorcing him. He is in emotional pain. He says if he can't fix it, he'll commit suicide. I sit, lay down next to him, concerned. "How serious are you?" I ask. He says he knows how he'll do it. I mention that I have been counseling a young man who feels the same. Then I feel bad because it is the man Karen had an affair with and this will make Howard feel worse if he knew. I feel genuine sorrow for Howard. I want to help. (110 words)
#2170 (1992-06-04)

My job as a volunteer for this civic organization is to give the children a bag of candy. Then I tell them to hang it up in this one place, and then as they talk to me, someone from behind a curtain behind them takes the candy back. It's supposed to be funny. One boy is hanging on o the bag when the hand comes out to take it and they tussle over it. This happens over and over. The kids are disappointed and sad. Then the job is over and the curtain opens and the volunteers come out to take a bow, with the kids. I wonder if they got their candy after they went behind the curtain. They form two rows to take a bow and I know I'm supposed to join them, but I don't want to. I feel kind of bad about my part in this. (150 words)
#2171 (1992-06-04)

I have a camera and it's not working right so I am trying to figure out what's wrong. Everything seems threaded right and then I see a huge wad of folded negatives like computer paper folded, only they are negatives already developed. Someone says, "You waited too long. There must be 5000 of them and the max to be able to develop or print is 4000." I hope I can get them printed anyway. Someone says is this a cheap Kodak Instamatic and I am insulted. "No, this is a cannon, sir." (92 words)
#2172 (1992-06-04)

I tell Richard R I am having hypnogogal images and I watch them as I try to figure out what they are and what they mean. I see words on a page, some very colorful yellow. I am impressed with how much I see and recognize. A woman is being operated on. A special throat surgeon comes in to work on her deformed vocal cord. Since theey're there anyway, maybe there is something that can be done. The nurse is like Marilyn of Northern Exposure. She helps him put on his gloves as he enters the sterile field. One drops to the floor, they hesitate and then put it on anyway. (111 words)
#2176 (1992-06-10)

Ginny is gone and Ernie is sad. I want to comfort him and he resists because he's afraid it will be using me. I reassure him it's OK because I'm his friend. I tell him how Ginny came to see me and I gave up all the activities I could to be with her and I'd do the same for him. A bad man comes through and demands to know where the bathroom is. I take him down a hall. I look in to the right and see a broken bathtub and it is dirty. I look across the hall and that bathroom is messy too. I apologize for Ginny. I say, "She usually keeps it clean, but she's gone for a while." (123 words)
#2177 (1992-06-11)

Bonnie thinks I would look pretty if I wore some jewelry. She goes in and finds two rings for me to wear, a pearl cluster and the large nay ring (mother of pearl) of Darryl's. I start to put it on the left hand, and change it to the right hand. They look OK. Brian, a young blonde man, follows Bonnie around because he loves her. She doesn't take him seriously. He's far too young. She laughs at him gently. Then he shifts his attentions and loves me. He stands behind me and cuddles me and puts one hand near my crotch. I am shocked a bit and try to get him to move his hand. After awhile, I start to accept that he loves me and start to like it and respond. (133 words)
#2178 (1992-06-12)

I see Dr. Fleischman and Magi from Northern Exposure gently arguing like they do. There is a school dance, like end of year dance, in the gym and Dr. F is laying out small round spots that alternate indent, outhunt, and he wants to make sure no one accidentally steps on them, because if they do, the energy or electricity is spent or injured. He nearly steps on a couple himself. There are two rows, one at each end of the gym. (82 words)
#2179 (1992-06-12)

Jack Nicholson likes me and my foot hurts (my right one) and I have to get in the wheelchair to make it around. It's time to leave for the weekend and I ask this young woman to hand me this and that until my lap is full. I say, "Put these bags of chips in my back pack." She says there are already some there, no room. I say, "Oh well, I'll take them anyway." She stuffs them in and Jack and I start to go home. Now we are in a restaurant with teal blue walls like my bedroom. My mother with teal blue eyes (which is unsettling) and my father are there. We are going to have dinner with them. (122 words)
#2180 (1992-06-13)

I am starting to remember things from my past. A childhood girl friend brings me a plate or paper where there are pictures and letters and scribbles. I show it to Marci. It feels good to be reunited with our special code of old. I've lost my "copy" of it. Ernie is around somewhere. (54 words)
#2181 (1992-06-13)

It's time to downsize the Goodwill factory I'm in charge of. I see the crew of sewers threading their needles. They each choose a piece of used clothing to repair. They stand in a line before a big rectangular clothing bin, then they take them to the resale clothing store. I am going to the front door to open it. I have the key. As usual, several people are waiting to get in first. I open the door and hang up the key and notice I need the key to open the cash register. I have trouble getting the key string off the corner hook and then decide to wear it on my left wrist, even though it will be heavy and cumbersome. I get the bottom drawer open and I see fake 50 cent pennies stuck together. An older woman brings her purchases to me and I calculate it on the calculator because I can't get the cash register to work. It comes to $3.00 and some cents. She puts a pile of coins on the counter and I start counting. It's not enough because she's also put rectangular saint liberty (sweet liberty?) dollars there and they don't count as real money. One is a faded stained glass. A young woman is waiting, holding her crying baby! I say, "Let me hold her." I put her carefully on my shoulder, on a burp rag and pat her! It feels wonderful to hold a sweet baby. She quiets down. She's a newborn. (252 words)
#2183 (1992-06-16)

I am cleaning up some papers, letters and books. I feel bad because I have ignored this nice man named Wendel W____. I decide to write him a letter of apology. I write in different colored inks (like my journals and dream books) I take it to him. He is very happy. We lie down together on a bed and I am on top. We make love, but I don't feel the sexual feelings in the dream. We decide not to do the ejaculation in me, so I won't get pregnant. (91 words)
#2184 (1992-06-16)

I am walking and a Native American man with bright colors painted on his face calls me over and tells me I should take his class. I need it, he says. I choose to sit on the other side of a flat platform, away from the other students, I think because of my wheelchair, but I'm not sure why. He is an excellent teacher, coming up to me and challenging me to think differently. He calls himself a soul dancer, and he says I can learn from him, even if he is a brown man (meaning a black man). I feel a bit of shock that I feel some slight prejudice. After experiencing his one class, I agree to return. It is good for me. I go on home now. (130 words)
#2185 (1992-06-21)

I am seated in a rocking chair in the middle of a hall. I get up and start walking back, perhaps toward the basement. Then I decide this takes a lot of energy and I would be better off if I turned around and continued my journey in a forward way, the way I was going originally. I see the rocking chair is in the middle of the hall and move it out of people's way to the right side of the hall, but it is next to and blocking the door of a woman's room. I peek in and see Peggy M standing there with a walking cane. She smiles at me. I imagine how noisy and awkward it would be to sit in the rocker and try to travel like it was my wheelchair. I decide to walk on. (141 words)
#2187 (1992-06-27)

I see flood waters in the city street and see three houses floating and "dancing" in the water. I become aware that I am dreaming and feel interested. I think to myself that I can change something and wonder what to change. I say, "Let it be beautiful." I feel myself rising in the air and flying. I see a cartoon-like house with square window eyes, the eyes like headlights of a car, with light coming out of them. (79 words)
#2188 (1992-06-28)

I am holding a baby boy and he changes into a sort of cute, large lady bug-like creature. I hold him carefully. I like him. I am walking, now, holding Rena up as I am taking her in to take her bath. Another woman is in the tub already and I think of putting the baby into the bath with her, and then feel embarrassed I would think of doing that without even any consideration for her wishes. She gets out and starts to drain the water. I start to clean the tub for Rena. She gets in too quickly, some of the other woman's water is still in there. Her face is right at the surface of the water. I smile and ask if she is OK. She says yes. (131 words)
#2190 (1992-06-30)

I discover that huge quantities of water are pouring out of a protuberance like a belly button or vulva. I am concerned. I say, "Look, it's open like a flower, not curled in like a normal belly button." Merle is there and I share this weirdness with him. Then I look out the back kitchen window and see a makeshift chicken house, complete with chickens. I see a garden and a huge dog. I say, "Look, he's even bigger than Rover was!" I see Mary and Nancy and say that I am not happy. They shouldn't have done this to my back yard. At the very least, they should have asked permission first. Nancy's feelings are hurt because I said the chicken house was a shack and badly built. I also wondered what the neighbors would say, what with noisy and smelly animals around. I am not happy. I look out again and see a steep embankment and the whole farm thing is way in the back, more removed than before. It's not so bad that way. (177 words)
#2196 (1992-07-04)

I am taking photographs and I see Dana outside on A. Street on a skateboard or roller skates rolling precariously down the street focusing for a shot. It's sort of a camera club and we are taking pictures to improve our techniques. My camera is square and so is the aperture, wide open and square. (55 words)
#2198 (1992-07-05)

My house is filled with boxes of Terry's and I can't get around. I am concerned. I see she is packing things out of the house and I go around back and see down out a window that she has taken two of my crocheted afghans. I holler down, "Hey, Sue, Susan," I can't remember her name, like it's Ellie's roommate sunny. I go quickly around to the font door to call out, saying to Ellie, "She may take the TV set, but that's not so bad, I have insurance." Ellie says she's more worried she'll take the food, considering the problem she has with weight. "Oh, I never thought of that," I say. It wouldn't be so bad. I'd not be reimbursed, but it's not so much a loss. I go down the hall and some woman agrees with me that I have been gaining a lot these past five years and it really shows. I walk away from her saying, "See, I knew that but people wouldn't tell me the truth. I hate aging!" (176 words)
#2204 (1992-07-12)

I want to talk with a sheep who lays down like she wants her tummy rubbed like Fluffy. A sheep dog/wolf keeps moving in between us to prevent us from talking. I decide to respect the dogs obvious wishes because I don't want to get hurt. Later, the dog says, "Oh, I guess you really aren't done talking yet," and moves aside so we can talk. I thank her. (69 words)
#2205 (1992-07-14)

I am at the lower levels and there are scary things around, ugly things, monsters maybe. I decide to go upstairs to heaven. I walk upstairs and try to see prettier things, like angels, and fairies, I think. I manage to create foggy clouds and leaves. "It's either fog or blue sky up here," I think. I am crying. something about healing. The people up there are going to do surgery on my feet. They begin and I feel queasy because there is no anesthetic and I might feel pain. I am aware that I won't feel pain if my mind is positive and believes it. I am worried I'll forget that in the middle of the surgery. They do my right foot and are working on my left foot. I am cradled by Katrina and Lucy, who rock me and soothe me and I cry. I am happy I am being healed. (153 words)
#2207 (1992-07-15)

Dwight was sad because he lost his girlfriend who is an invisible spirit or an alien. Her name is Clara or Laura. She comes and gets him and I am happy for him. There are aliens pursuing me. I grab a rope with heavy things on each end of it and swing it back and forth, smashing it from one wall to the next or rather from the left side of me to the right side of me, knocking at the aliens. This doesn't stop them. One runs at me and I catch him by the legs and he falls. Now I run and one chases me. I know I can't outrun him, so I suddenly throw myself to the ground and he can't stop fast enough and falls. I get up and run more, and see a secret place to hide and crawl in. I was earlier taking pictures with my camera. I saw a flying turkey vulture and a big one and a baby one roosting together. The images were compelling and strong. I felt happy to be able to take the pictures with my camera. (188 words)
#2208 (1992-07-22)

I had made love to my "husband" who is like Richard L of playwriting class. I go into the bathroom to pee and realize this will be an opportunity to take a look at my husband's penis, which I now wear. I peer down into the toilet bowl, as I am seated on it and see a small weeny hung suspended by a hair, like it was a bowel movement. I gingerly pull at the hair until it all falls into the toilet bowl. I look again and see a small penis. I expected as much - small -- a bit disappointed. I see another bowel movement come out. It is soft. I then look again at the penis. It is bigger and I think, "Oh, am I getting an erection?" I think that would be fun or interesting. I am curious. I look again and it is a bit bigger, still semi-flaccid and has a fingernail at the end of it. "No wonder," I think, "that it felt funny when it was in me." The sensation wasn't painful, just interesting. I pee and pee and l look again and see a few blood spots and remember I haven't had periods for years now. Maybe I'm spotting. I feel a compelling need to pee and get annoyed with myself and say to myself, "Go ahead, let it go." I do. (230 words)
#2209 (1992-07-23)

I am in a room and a huge monarch butterfly is flying around. I think it is beautiful. It lands on my right wrist. I am excited, but a little nervous as it is a live insect and so big. At first it is interesting, but I get more nervous as it wriggles around and around and wraps itself around my wrist like it is spinning a cocoon. I see several crawly bugs, like its larva, and I get a bit panicky and want it off before this gets out of control. I don't want to touch it myself and run into another room where "Benny" is lying on the floor with an injured, bloody leg, perhaps shot or broken. Next to him is Burt Lancaster, who I ask to remove the butterfly. I caution him to be careful and not hurt the creature. He is rough and rips it from my wrist. It is torn and crumpled. He plops it on a table. I feel relieved it is off me and sad it is hurt. (176 words)
#2210 (1992-07-23)

Now I am the injured person from the previous dream and go outside. I see a flying machine and I am in a helicopter thing. We fly around but have to be careful not to hit the telephone wires. There are wires everywhere, this being city blocks. Then we move on down the street and I see a huge expanse of blue sky. It feels freeing and we joyfully head on out. Now I see a person who, when her feet hit the ground and lift up for the next step, daisies and other pretty wild flowers grow up instantly. I realize she is the healing person I've been needing and looking for. I follow her inside and she lays her hands on my head (the left side as I am facing her, so it's really the right side). I am cured and feel great. Now there is a cute baby girl following me and wants to play. We sing songs together. I sing wonderful harmony to "Hush little baby, don't you cry." Some woman behind me and behind a glass wall partition watches and is pleased. I am happy I have pleased her. Now the baby wants her medicine and doesn't want the regular stuff, but the special elixir I got from this place. (215 words)
#2211 (1992-07-24)

I am with Ernie and Ginny at some sort of concert and am walking down a gravel aisle in the bleachers. I am looking for pretty rocks and find three. I show them to Ernie, who is impressed. The first one is a single line of quartz crystals in a row. The second one is a geode kind of thing with a hole in it with crystals inside, and a third one has unusual and pretty things in it. Now I am going back up the bleachers and I see Cary Grant, who is offended by a man's political statement and Cary uses his left arm to throw a punch at him. "How Male!" I say sarcastically and witheringly. He walks down the bleachers and I follow, almost slipping on the carpeted steps. (133 words)
#2212 (1992-07-24)

I am going through boxes of old things from my business, which is now officially my daughter's business. I am looking for something and I check things off as I find them. I find the name "Barb's" has been changed and think I've found evidence, and then I remember she legitimately bought the business and so it is natural she would change the name. I change my outfit seven times to be exact replicas of seven past women to make her remember. Howard is in his office and she is in hers and they both ignore me but are very aware of me. It's time to leave, the end of the day. I go out to the car with her, very pleased that she was aware of all seven women, right down to the smell. I realize Howard hasn't joined us and I know he's trying to commit suicide and my daughter arranged it. I confront her and demand the key to his office. She says she hasn't got it. I prove she has and further I have one and I go back and open the door to find him nearly dead with pills. We take him to the hospital and save him. (203 words)
#2213 (1992-07-26)

I am a doctor/physical therapist and work with children. I am loving and touch their faces in a loving way and this is their therapy. Now I have to go to a staff meeting or conference and I am very annoyed because this takes up my time from my patients. I find the room and go through the double doors and see a table where three or four doctors (male) are already seated. I choose to sit away from them at the nearest end to the speakers. If I have to be there, I want to be most efficient and not waste time. The head doctor at the speakers' table is Capt. Kirk and as a joke he walks over to me to give me a long kiss. I am annoyed. Why waste time playing around? The male doctors make fun of me for being so business minded. (148 words)
#2215 (1992-08-02)

I watch, and sort of am, a wife with a 2-year-old toddler who gets into everything, messes up her toys and refuses to help pick them up. The wife is angry and tired and insists the child help clean up. I/her pick up the child and carry her screaming to a day care center or a time out place. She is throwing a temper tantrum. The husband, sort of Nate, is annoyed and unwilling to help out. I act as a mediator and am very tolerant of his traditional male views that women's job is in the home and man's work is outside the home. I try to reason with them both. Someone cries and cries in grief. (118 words)
#2216 (1992-08-02)

I am moving around in some kind of dance that moves purple colored sands around in patterns. After I am done, someone says, "How very beautiful a voice she has." Someone else (male) says, "Yes, we all have beautiful voices. But after they become aware of it, they change and can't do it as well." I feel like saying, "But no, I can continue to be beautiful after I'm aware." The man says, "Well, I invite you to partake of a new game. This one is going to be finished soon." I don't want it to be finished, because I do it well. He wants me to move on and try something new and challenging. (115 words)
#2217 (1992-08-03)

I am in a room and the scene keeps changing times and people. Now I am watching a scene of my mother's family when Millie was about 8 years old. I ask where is Millie and someone (my mother) points to the couch where she is lying down because she is sick with the croup. She has on glasses like I wore when 6 years old. I am handed Millie's old diary and I try to read it in anticipation. This will be very interesting. I keep finding printed stories and instructions on how to keep a diary, but none of her own words. Later, my father asks me if I ever do research on a general question for people and I say, "Sometimes." He says he's interested in "extroverts" and I say I have lots of info on that. He says he is particularly interested in it as related to rheumatoid arthritics. (153 words)
#2219 (1992-08-06)

I am going to go on vacation, and swim and have a good time, but somehow I get taken as a prisoner by the Arabs and taken to a desert fort made of thick adobe walls. I think, "If it keeps raining a lot, it will all melt away and there will be no prison." Fat chance. A woman takes all my vacation money and acts like it's hers. She's an Arab guard, or something. I'm in trouble, and I don't really know it yet. She says because I was captured in the IS. Galopadoes (meaning island galapadoes), they will incarcerate me in that section. I'm being put away for a long time! (113 words)
#2220 (1992-08-07)

I decide, somewhat hastily, to marry this Native American man. I don't know him very well, but I've always wanted a Native American man, so I do it. Jake and Valerie are late for the wedding; I wear a beautiful gown. There is an old boyfriend who comes and dances with me to some jazz music after the ceremony and we dance well. Then the husband tries to dance with me and he appears thin and awkward, but we dance anyway. I like him and hope this all works out. Now we lay down to make love; we are excited. The single hospital-like bed is near a huge window with no curtains and the double dutch door is opened. I think to the door to close, and the bottom half closes and two locks snap closed and I have trouble getting the top part closed. Then the kisses on my neck become huge bites of a monster leaving a huge, bloody wound. I don't want this and I refuse to accept the image and force it back to kisses and sexual enjoyment. He kisses my breasts and I feel very sexually pleasured. Now the time is up and I can return to the real world I had left, only if I do I can not return to this one and will lose the husband, who I like. I decide to stay with him. We sit on a couch and listen to jazz musicians. Another woman, another me, returns through a door and feels alone. (254 words)
#2221 (1992-08-09)

I am teaching a class and Darryl is one of the students. I like him just like I did in high school. We dance together and hold hands and I wonder if the other students will be upset or think this is unethical. After all, I did know him when I was a teen. As we are walking together toward the door, I say to him, with loving anticipation, "Will I see you at lunch?" He says curtly, "No," and walks away. I feel devastated and hurt. I love him and want him to want me. (96 words)
#2223 (1992-08-20)

I am in a house and Howard is there and I realize I'm late for an appointment in Roseburg and I get up and rush around to go. Howard, in the kitchen, in exasperation, says, "Why don't we just get over this part and settle down and do things together? You like to swim and I like to golf." I smile wryly at Katrina who is listening to this as if to say, "I don't believe I'm hearing this." I feel like saying, "But I don't want to spend time with you, that's why." He's going out the back door and I don't bother to respond to him and hurry out the front, slipping on the stair and it tips over as I walk down it and falls. I haven't time to pick it up and rush on to the garage. I see Howard's taxi leaving and he is still muttering angrily in frustration. (154 words)
#2224 (1992-08-20)

I am in a room, like maybe a big lecture hall and I am curiously looking around. I see nearly everyone sleeping, sitting up. People are cuddled together like Charla and me in my chair. One person is holding the other like I hold Charla. One boy had a beard and mustache, but he was just a boy. He slept like a child. I enjoy looking around me and seeing things. I am aware I am dreaming. (77 words)
#2225 (1992-08-21)

I am a manager of a baseball team and I want the star player to go out and greet the audience, which is in a brick building. He is shy and unwilling and I am very forceful. I grab him by his arms and lean into him and speak loudly. I strongly encourage him to go out and do it. A man is watching and is impressed with me. I tell the player the audience will love him. I point to the building and say, "They will go crazy with applause." I then push the player out to the field and I hear the crowd screaming and cheering. (108 words)
#2226 (1992-08-30)

I am all dressed up in a pretty dress. I walk out through a party with many people and feel shy. I continue through the crowd and walk down some stairs to a quiet, unpeopled place. I see a man, with balding head, but good-looking and in a white navy dress uniform. He likes me very much and I am happy to see him. We dance a slow, romantic dance and it is a passionate moment where I feel filled with intense love and desire for him, not sexual, but LOVE. He feels the same way, but he is being proper and not allowing us to kiss, even though I pucker up and offer a kiss. I want to be united with him forever and it's horrible pain to think he may leave me. We walk arm in arm and hug. (141 words)
#2227 (1992-09-03)

I am running to help, wounded as the gunfire and machine gun fire is all around me. I leap over two brick walls to get to them. I try to fix their wounds. Then I see a cardboard box and realize a baby is in there. I pull off layer after layer of cardboard some with writing on it from the baby's mother, I finally find the baby in a plastic molded container like she was a doll. I take her out and feel immense relief for her. I hold her and kiss her and hug her, knowing she had a very traumatic time in the dark and want her to feel loved and whole. She has short cute blonde hair and wears a blue jammie. She is happy and not badly traumatized by her experience. [BL] (136 words)
#2229 (1992-09-07)

I am walking down a sidewalk and a homeless woman lies down and wraps herself in a black blanket to my left. I stand there and look at her. It seems she did this deliberately so I will notice her. I see she has the blanket wrapped tightly around her and over her head because it is very cold outside. I look at her exposed feet in moccasin shoes and watch to see if she is shivering. She isn't. I choose to walk away from her, feeling a bit guilty for not trying to help. [BL] (95 words)
#2230 (1992-09-07)

I am moving and packing my things. Paulina is a little girl and I am surprised as I remember she really is 21 years old now. I find miniature things left behind. I tell someone to pull off the blue paper off the wall I used as a decoration. They do it, but also take down the backing on a huge cork board. It's a mess. I see a picture I want to keep. Now I am moving into the new house. There are some stairs that need ramping. An L-shaped hall with the rooms all in a row down the halls. I see a pretty living room at the end of one hall and a fireplace. I go look out the window and see a river nearby with beavers swimming pulling a log. I call to my mother and say, "Come see the beavers pulling a log." I am surprised the river is so close by. My father comes in to help me unpack. (165 words)
#2232 (1992-09-09)

I notice Rochelle is spending more time with me and I sigh and say, "I guess this means you want a relationship with me." She laughs and says, "What makes you think that?" I have a good one going with this neat British woman, who is very intelligent. I feel relieved and a bit rejected. (55 words)
#2234 (1992-09-16)

A huge double trailer truck parks in a way that protects the handicapped parking space for me. He likes me and is trying to help. I pull the van up in the graveled spot, glad he is helping me. I get out and am walking and see the ocean on my left. I notice a huge wave gathering up and realize I'd better get moving quickly. I walk quickly uphill, now the trucker is on my left and my mother is on my right. We walk and I feel tired and achy. This is hard work for a person out of shape. The wave comes over us, totally immersing us and I think I'll die and won't be able to hold my breath long enough. Then I notice I can breathe and realize we had made it up high enough for safety. (142 words)
#2235 (1992-09-17)

Marci is noisy and bothersome. She won't stop talking and I am very upset. My friends Mirabelle and Lucy (maybe Rochelle as well) agree to kill her for me. It seems the only way to shut her up. I hesitantly agree. I want her to stop, but I feel squeamish about doing it myself. So they shot her with a gun and she falls. Now we have to get rid of the body, but I notice she's not dead yet. She's still breathing. One of my friends puts her on my bed while she goes looking for something to finish her off with. I feel real dread at being so close to her. She stares out vacantly, breathing. I feel sick, being so near her. I start to feel remorse. First she felt ill anyway, and now we've added the pain of a bullet and blood. Someone suggests we give her an overdose of pain killers so she'll be free of the pain and finally die. I agree and then I feel bad and decide it's best to turn ourselves in with her so she can get help. It was wrong to try to kill her. I agree to take the full blame and I say I will tell the authorities that I killed her and shot the gun myself. That way my friends won't get in trouble for trying to help me. They don't know what to do. [BL] (239 words)
#2236 (1992-09-18)

I am in a large house with many rooms. I want to show off these rooms to someone and start to open a door to show two rooms off my bedroom. I see someone in a bed and remember that some of these rooms are rented. I feel embarrassed and shut the door. Now I and Ellie are ironing some dresses for the little girl, who is full of energy and hard to manage. (74 words)
#2237 (1992-09-21)

I have two automons, robots. One is Data from Star Trek. We go visit a man who is weeping at the loss of his beloved wife who he nursed through her illness. I sob in tremendous grief that, because I don't have a beloved, I shall die alone. No one will care for me when I become ill. My mother is annoyed and does not understand why I cry. (69 words)
#2238 (1992-09-21)

I am at the Kennedy compound and I am very tall, maybe 6 foot and 50 years old. I had been working hard at regaining my body tone and strength and I dive into the swim pool and dive in the 12 foot deep end and swim with strong strokes. I am aware that I am not as strong as I want to be or think I am as I try to match the powerful strokes I am imagining myself doing. (81 words)
#2239 (1992-09-21)

I hear a punk boy pounding on my door and I am angry at him. I open the door and yell at him to stop it and leave me alone. He is mean and refuses to stop. He seems to enjoy my anger. That's why he's doing this. I try to keep the door locked, but he keeps pushing it open and the door isn't very strong. So I open the door, grab the kid by the hair and slap him on the face, bite him on the forehead and in general try to beat him into submission. It doesn't work, of course, and I drag him by the ear to his mother's, across town in the bad section. It becomes clear they don't give a damn, and not only are they not going to help me, they are going to make it worse by being vengeful. (147 words)
#2241 (1992-09-22)

I see a pool of water that is trapped before a bleachers thing and I am in a plastic bath tub. I am sitting in the pool of water swirling around and around in the water, having fun and pleased that this little bit of pleasure is available to me. (50 words)
#2242 (1992-09-22)

There is some thing like a parade or ceremony going on and Jennifer H says the end must be done by a lesbian. I say, "Why? Don't get me wrong, it's OK and all, but why that one and not some other discriminated against person like an older person?" I was curious. (52 words)
#2243 (1992-09-23)

I am sitting on Abner's lap and we are lovey-dovey. We are going to get married. We are at a hotel, room #72. It's time to clean up from breakfast and I decide to clean up the dishes and utensils for Abner and me. I realize this is very wife-like and I say to Abner, smiling, "I'm only going to do this three times a year." I don't want him to think this will be normal operating procedures! I take a pile of utensils to the kitchen area and ask where to put them. I realize I could have left all this for the staff, seeing as how we paid for our room. The staff is already coming into the room to prepare it for the next guests. Now I get to choose a free gift and I'm looking at some pages to see what's available. I can't make much sense out of the words and there aren't any pictures. I see a wooden book holder with a light and a magnifying glass to read books more easily. I like that. Someone shows me one without varnish and it has two dishes with a pink liquid in it. I decide to take that one. (204 words)
#2244 (1992-09-25)

I own a huge house or apartment building and now have lots of renters, who have broken the hinges on my K-mart special appliances. It is time to eat and I seem to have a husband and a son. I go to the glass doors of a freezer unit, like in a store, only it's for home, and open the door, angry that the door isn't properly shut and the food could spoil. I get a hunk of frozen hamburger meat out of a Costco-like package. I take it to my husband who makes patties out of it in the shape of sleeping people, their heads resting on the hamburger buns. I decide that I'll charge each renter $5 a month on upkeep of the appliances and need to start collecting the money. I shout to them to come on over and start paying. I have a clipboard with lots of forms and papers and I struggle to find the right one so I can record who paid. One older man hasn't paid his rent and I'm trying to get that too. It's a lot of work and I'm not enjoying this experience. (193 words)
#2247 (1992-09-27)

I am going to live in a room with a roommate. Hasani is the director of whatever owns that room, like maybe the university. She comes in to tell me some changes that are going to happen. The good news is that the room will be fixed up structurally. There are gaps under and above the door jam and such. The bad news is that some of the furnishings are going. My white kitchen table is going. "Not that one," I say. I need something there to hold my toast and breakfast things; otherwise I'd have to carry it across the room. "Well, someone can help you do that," says Hasani. I am shocked she'd say that. "I can't believe you would say that," I say. I begin to cry in my frustration. She says, embarrassed, "Don't cry. Black people don't cry." I say angrily, "I'm not black!" and continue to cry. She then says they want my piano, an old upright. She doesn't know what to do, because what if a disabled group like Silvi wants it. It's not fair. A boy comes in and puts flowers in a metal vase on a dining table. I grudgingly say thank you to him, after he leaves. I sleep on a couch that could be made into a bed, but choose not to go to that trouble. All the furnishings are a bit ratty. (233 words)
#2248 (1992-09-28)

I am seated on a high contraption seat that is on a cart (tea cart like table on wheels). Jake starts taking it apart so it doesn't sit so high. I decide to go to the bathroom and a man follows me to the door. I shut the gauze curtain door and think about locking the door but don't because I might insult or offend the man. I then sit on the toilet which looks a lot like Rena's wheelchair. I am slumped like she is. Then the man returns and wants in, peeking through the curtain. I am angry at him and tell him to go away. I'm glad I'm clothed so he can't see anything. My mother comes in and I comment on her sunburned face. It is bright red but only in parts. A swirl around her cheeks is still white. Lydia is there and I ask her how old she is now. She says, "13." I think, "Oh oh, I'm glad she's going back home with Mom." The teen years are hard. I remember I didn't know her during her teen years because I married and moved away. Then, Jake and Dwight are setting up a garage sale and I go out to see what we're selling: lots of lawn mowers, and lots of beautiful glass vases. The vases are my mother's and they are beautiful. I think of buying them but they are too expensive: $280, $40, etc. They are too much to ask for at a garage sale. (254 words)
#2249 (1992-09-30)

I need to go to the bathroom and go looking for a bathroom. I don't find one and have to go badly. I bend down near a fireplace in a sort of church lobby/activity room. I am standing in a foot of water, and as I pee, the sound of water rushing is very loud. I notice some churchgoers peering in through the window at me and seeing me, but I can't stop. It rushes out in torrents and goes on a long time. The people remind me of Hillary and Charles. (92 words)
#2250 (1992-09-30)

Mirabelle and I have special tickets to a big Star Trek conference presentation in an auditorium. We go in close to where the speaker, Jonathan Frakes, will be. At first I don't like sitting there, because of my old fears about being in the middle of a crowd, but then I decide it's OK. We'll get to hear him interviewing all the special guests, like Capt. Kirk. We are excited. This will be fun. The staff pulls up a cart and goes through the crowd giving out promotional gifts. They put it on your left foot like a shoe, but it's a padded bag full of gifts. He kneels and puts it on my foot like it was the glass slipper and I the princess. I then bend down to see what my gift is. It forms into a turtle, a large one, like a tortoise. (146 words)
#2251 (1992-10-02)

I try my hand at serving a tennis ball and I'm pretty damn good. A man, older, manager, is very interested in my prowess and he has his helpers line up behind me and hand me tennis balls as I lob them consistently over the net. I miss hitting some and feel frustrated, like the dream theme is to be a perfect hitter and somehow I'm not doing it. So I will it to be done. I'm handed some strange tennis balls that are not padded well, or square almost. Then I wake up in a room and don't know where I am, but suspect I'm in a room the manager got for me. I smoke a cigarette, aware a tennis athlete wouldn't do that. Someone knocks at the door and I go answer it, hesitantly looking for where the door is. It's some big, muscular man selling something. I go back in and peek around a corner of a door to see who is there. It's a woman, possibly the manager's wife. She has dark hair. (177 words)
#2252 (1992-10-07)

Jake and I are in his "car," a flat, large platform on small wheels. I say this is a California car. It's nice and fun, but wouldn't be too safe if we crashed. I now am with some women and I'm trying to write down a dream I had, in detail, and someone wants me to tell them the dream. I say I have to write this down first before it's all gone! It's fading fast even as I try to repeat the details in my mind to keep them there. I write fast. [BL] (94 words)
#2253 (1992-10-09)

I must check out dream number 286. Now I'm at Grandma Mildred's house, only it's different. Dovre and I are going to go on a trip. Dovre is going to drive. She helps me with food and things. We look at a map and Dovre says, "We can go all the way to the tip of South America." It sounds interesting to me. Dovre drives the car through the house and the front yard. I see lots of cats and I'm worried we will accidentally run over them. I feel a bump and feel queasy, thinking we did run over one. I see a brown cat and remark about how big it is. I look again and see its face. It's a pig, only it has a body of a cat! No wonder it's so big; it's really a pig. Then I look at advertisements in a newspaper or magazine and see the name Curtis Salgoto. He's advertising his music tape. The ad is like a movie on small dark negative like film or a negative. I am impressed and watch. It's his story. He's a small boy, maybe 9 years old. He's part black. He plays his harp. I tell Dovre he's my favorite harp man. He's good. He says he's going to move to K falls (Klamath) and I laugh. It's hard enough making it to the big time, but to move to Klamath will make it much harder. I didn't know he was black. Now he's lying face down in a river and his father pulls him out and says, "What are you doing?" He smiles and says he's OK. Bonnie sits in the river next to him to see if he's OK and not drowning. (289 words)
#2254 (1992-10-10)

I am somewhere, in a house I've never seen before, and visiting Ginny and Ernie. They keep adding more children and animals to their family. Ernie is sweet caring and accepting. Now we have a Siamese cat and I see her tummy as someone pets her and say, "She's pregnant," now there will be more kittens. A talking collie dog comes up to me and we chat. I pet it and the fur is so short it feels like nagahyde. It is red in color. Now we are going to go shopping, but Ginny is helping rearrange my furniture. I guess we are in my "house." She moves the file cabinets to the left and puts the bookcase behind another piece of big furniture. I point out that it will be harder for me to get to things now. She is involved in the project and we patiently wait until she's done to go. Ernie is very accepting and I feel love for him. We go to the store, like a huge Costco place. I climb three or four flights of stairs and wonder why I'm walking and how I'll manage when I get there. We get to the top and inside and I try to get into a shopping cart so Ginny can push me around. I don't fit. (220 words)
#2255 (1992-10-11)

I am swimming and I see a woman under the water surface like trapped under ice and fighting for air at an open hole is the shape of a birth slit. I watch this and say that's a dream symbol I don't want to have! It is unpleasant. Now I go to a warmer beach and I am wading, but every time I put my foot down, I get something like a green frog creature stuck to my foot like a suction cup and I peel it off. I don't like them and try to get away from them. My Aunt Naomi and I are walking in the waves and I hear them hissing and swelling and she's concerned for me like the waves are too big and will knock me over. I look and see they are normal height and ignore her warnings to come in closer to shore. I am a bit annoyed at her for being unnecessarily concerned. (161 words)
#2257 (1992-10-11)

Dwight has written a poem and I am surprised and very pleased. I ask to see it. He agrees and I lay it out. It is at first a very long piece of paper. That changes to a series or units or verses of 3-D objects. The first verse says something about home, hearth, etc. My mother is reading it with me and she is upset. Oh, now he's going to write bad things about me. I say reassuringly, "No, now don't take all this personally. Everyone has a mom, it's universal." I know I'm lying, but can't figure out how she got insulted by the words "home and hearth," which we slightly argue about the pronunciation of hearth. The next verse has little blow up plastic fruits like apples and bananas. The next verse has a real banana and apple and two wooden, old-fashioned cooking utensils. I keep moving the verses around as more keep coming. I am astounded at how much there is! He's finally opened up and let it out and wow, there is a a lot. It is sort of negative and full of pain. Then, the forgiveness verse finally comes, roses. I am very happy. Later, the word "Fritzvalue". (204 words)
#2258 (1992-10-12)

Paulina (my daughter) and I are invited to come to a ceremony for the children by a Native American man. We agree and think it will be very interesting. We are looking forward to it. Unbeknownst to me, the man wants to marry me and is setting up this ceremony to camouflage the wedding ceremony. So Paulina and start walking and soon find ourselves out in a desert area like near M City. No one else is around and the road seems unmarked. We wonder if we are in the right place. I look back and see the dirt road and some people coming out way far back. So I know we are just ahead of everyone else. We continue on. Then we see some wooden houses, white man buildings, and realize that in order to make us comfortable, they have built this little village. We look at each building and admire it. They are cute. Now the Native American man comes to me and suggests I sit with the children during the ceremony rather than in the bleachers with the audience. I agree. He then shows me an ordinary smoking pipe and says if this is handed to me, I must hold it in my cupped hands just as he shows me, or I will offend the gods. I agree and watch carefully. I ask how I should return it after I have taken a smoke. He says, "Turn it this way (full circle, clockwise) and hand the pipe stem first." I listen carefully and nod. The ceremony begins. [BL] (260 words)
#2259 (1992-10-13)

I am in a small group of people who are coming up with story ideas. It is my turn and so I think back to what I'd been experiencing in the dream before and use part of that as the story. I say, "There's this military man whose father was into nuclear stuff, a professor, and he doesn't want to have anything to do with that stuff. He meets a woman who is excellent at different sports and an outdoors type. The challenge is..." I don't remember the rest. I then say, "I know it's similar to a movie I saw once." Then there is an interruption. Two teen girls come into the store to buy something. I turn to see what they need. The teacher says they are in the wrong store if they want jewelry. I say, "Oh, no, there is jewelry in this store; you just can't see it from where you are sitting." I describe what I see, which is a long wall filled with jewelry, and then the far right end has the ribbons and buttons and sewing notions he had seen. I get up to wait on the two girls, who seem to want to try on all the pretty jewelry and obviously don't have the money to pay for things. I want them to finish so I can go back and work on the story. (232 words)
#2260 (1992-10-14)

I am a patient in a hospital, just being admitted. I overhear some nurses saying that they are going to strike and they will hide out at the OCA. I know this is serious and I must tell the authorities, so that patients won't be left in a dangerous situation. I notice some of the nurses coming near where I am hidden, behind some partitions, and I scoot down and hope they don't find me. They do find me and I pretend I am unconscious. They read my name off the bracelet I wear, the admitting plastic bracelet. Now, I know that if I tell, they'll probably be able to trace the leak to me. They leave, and I decide to go find the police. I tell them, hoping I won't get in trouble. (134 words)
#2261 (1992-10-14)

I am in a house. A man, presumably my "husband," and I are cleaning out the closets. The second hand man comes to pick the stuff up. I point to a box of stuff and he takes it to his truck. I notice my husband's motorcycle was with the box and I call to my husband that he accidentally took his motorcycle. I then call out to the secondhand man that we don't want to give away the motorcycle. The secondhand man tries to console us and then gets a bit sarcastic. We don't change our minds, but insist. He gives it back reluctantly. I go to a room and see clothes hanging up and laying around. I hesitate on some of the outfits, but with the encouragement of my husband, am able to get rid of most of them. I get rid of slim wool skirts like in high school, a green net and chiffon prom dress, baby clothes, dresses of my girls when they were small. I keep one baby outfit because someone I know will be having a baby girl soon. I see Paulina B sleeping on a single bed; she is maybe 6 years old. We go down the hall, peeking into each room. I see a closet with bags and luggage and leave it there, because they belong to a guest. Finally we have cleaned out the whole house. We feel good about it. The secondhand man, now has a punk rocker haircut and is sarcastic. "Gee, with all this, I guess I'll only have to come back once a month!" Good, Bob," says my husband, sarcastically. (272 words)
#2267 (1992-10-22)

I am hiding in a rectangular basement room, thick cement, white walls and little else. There is a bed and some food stored there. I peek in little holes in the wall to see what the enemy army is up to and see a general talking his plans and see a map on the wall. Now I must try to escape and get the information out and I open the door and skulk up the stairs. I see soldiers and I hold my rifle ready to shoot and nearly shoot one, but I notice that if I just keep walking and don't draw attention to myself, they seem to not notice me. I had nearly blown it by making them pay attention to me. So I get across the lawn and see lots of parked cars, interesting designs. I decide on one and get in. I discover it's a sort of hang glider. I peddle like mad and notice I'm on a dirt road going slightly uphill and hope I can get momentum going before they get me. Then the road starts a gentle down slope and I start to go faster. Then I get a bit of wind and rise up in the air and then I see a cliff and off it I go, gliding and looking down the steep mountain slope. I save lots of time as the road is windy and I can take a shortcut this way. I see off in the distance far below a city and head for it, hoping I don't run out of wind or whatever it takes to keep me up there before I arrive where I need to go. (280 words)
#2268 (1992-10-23)

Somehow I am helping get Jared's car fixed by a grumpy neighbor, brake shoes and other stuff, and I get the bill and pay it, even though I think it's too much. Then Jared and Dorothy come and he's belligerent and he's yelling how the job wasn't done right and he won't pay and I get furious and leap between him and Howard and yell at Jared, "Hey, I'm talking to you. We went to a lot of trouble to get this done for you. Now I know you traveled a lot of miles and used lots of time, but so did we and, hey, don't walk away when I'm talking to you. You finish listening to me, and then go yell at your son! We did the best we could!" And then the neighbor comes in apologizing, he had put on the wrong kind of brake shoes and offers to fix it at no charge, which is what Jared was mad about and saying he wouldn't pay for. It all gets worked out. (174 words)
#2273 (1992-10-24)

I and my "husband" kiss and he says he wants to lay on top of me and cuddle. He says it feels better that way. We cuddle and it is sweet and sensual. I love it. There is the slight tantalizing promise of sexual feelings later. After that, I am putting all the children to bed. It is fun and sweet. I play with them and kiss them and they hug. My roommate S is angry and upset and I encourage her to leave. Now we have to find another place to live. I go downtown and enter a newspaper office to find an ad. A man is telling his ad to the clerk. He says, "Near downtown and near the river." I say, "That sounds like what I'm looking for." We agree he shouldn't put his ad in and we'll go look for it. I apologize to the clerk for taking him away. She's OK with it. We go to see he house. The living room is large. We walk through to the kitchen, which is also large. There are several sets of sinks, stoves etc. I walk through to the back yard, which is enclosed, wooded and beautiful. The children will love it. I look up and notice the entire huge backyard is roofed to protect from rain. I decide I don't like that and it changes to just an overhang near the porch. The man shows me the mosquito netting to roll down around the porch. I wonder if that means there are... [NOTE: THIS DREAM WAS CUT OFF.] (256 words)
#2278 (1992-10-29)

I am on stage, as a sort of stage manager, in C City. A little black girl is going to do ballet and tap dancing. She does the ballet and the audience loves it, although it is a redneck audience and usually doesn't care for this sort of thing. I think some rough man kind of forced them to be there, because he wanted the girl to have an audience. Just before the show, I had looked through the curtains to see only a few people seated up front and to the left side. There is a short intermission for the girl to change into her tap shoes. The time gets longer and the audience gets restless. I think, "I'd better do some Evangeline if this keeps up." She comes back, but she doesn't want to dance now. She says her tummy is upset and she had to go to the bathroom and maybe she'll dance, maybe she won't. I say, "Then I need to know. Take one minute to decide. Either way it's OK. If you dance, fine, if you don't, fine, I will just do my Evangeline character. But I need to know now!" She agrees to dance. I go out front of the curtain and chat with the audience about how the town hasn't changed much since I was there years ago. [BL] (225 words)
#2279 (1992-10-29)

I observe as a woman drives a car, and in the center of the front seat there is a bathtub and a naked woman is in it and a man is in the passenger or back seat. He's kind of rough and I worry the naked woman is too vulnerable. (50 words)
#2280 (1992-10-31)

I am driving the wrong way, against traffic. I see four lanes of busy traffic coming at me and dodge the cars crossing the lanes to get to the right side of the road. Then I am angry at Ellie because she has decided to move out of my house and I don't think she's ready yet. I tell her that she should wait until she's got her full head up out of the "waves," not just her eyes, meaning she takes too much risk and needs to slow down and take care of herself. (95 words)
#2281 (1992-10-31)

I am in a bedroom; I have just moved in. (It's similar to this new apartment I live in.) I am looking at a computer-like monitor that shows pictures and I see "The top of the world," a village in the alps, like. My mother is there, holding her son, my baby brother. He is 2 months old. My mother has red lipstick on and speaks with her jaw clenched. She says the recipe given this year with the calendar was "Yom Kippers" and she just wasn't going to make that. She wasn't up to it. Did I have my big box of recipes still? I said I did but it's probably in storage. I'd have to get everything out of storage and look for it. She hands the baby to me. I hold him. He's cute and I marvel at how he is my brother, and yet I have grandchildren older than he. It will be fun to have him around occasionally. I then get in bed, after giving the baby back to my mother. I am laying in a single bed and feel cold. I try to pull the blankets over me. (194 words)
#2282 (1992-10-31)

I am walking through the city blocks of a new city, sight seeing. I am now beyond where the stores are and walking along the side of the highway. There are no houses or anything, but I am curious about what is beyond it. The only way to explore a new city is to walk all the streets and see what's what. I decide this way will be too long and I turn and go the other way and am now going down a hill and the ocean is on the left. I want to take a picture and start to cross the road to the little turn off where I can be safe and take a picture. A huge RV pulls up there and I wait, thinking how ironic, just when I was going to go there. Finally they pull away. I get there and put on my wheelchair brakes. I kind of roll a bit anyway, which makes me nervous because it's a sheer dropoff. I focus the camera which looks like opera glasses. I see a small island with birds on it. At first I thought there was a polar bear on it, but it was birds. I snap shots, bringing them closer with the telephoto lens. I then go on and am in a house with I think, Shannon, the old the community college poetry teacher. I've written something, a letter perhaps, and she isn't reading it. Another woman picks it up and looks at it. Nobody is much impressed. (254 words)
#2283 (1992-11-01)

Mirabelle and I are in a church and we start clapping our hands to get the congregation to keep time with us. Then we start singing. It went something like this, "Lord I need your help now," and He said, "Just pray to me." I said, "I can do that Lord, I can do that, because I have God, and God has me." Then we'd sing another verse and repeat the chorus. The audience would clap with us at first and then quiet up to hear the words of the verse. (91 words)
#2285 (1992-11-03)

I belong to some club and we are hanging out and talking and Ralph comes in with a scathing letter. He doesn't like the way we waste time playing with tools or knitting or letting Clarisa talk and play. We think he's being rude and uncaring. He doesn't like the maps on the wall. Then there is some kind of space travel and Sheila J is old and ill and reads poetry. (72 words)
#2287 (1992-11-04)

I have a great idea for a book or something and I am rushing home to write it or research it and I deliberately go around a crowd of people having fun and bike on a path alone. I go to the house I used to live in and see my mother and Lydia are still there cleaning up and packing. I ask permission to come in and use the phone. I walk through several rooms, noticing the wallpaper is newspaper comics and have holes in them, and think I should try to help fix that but decide to continue on with the writing phone calls. (106 words)
#2289 (1992-11-05)

I enter a room and George Carlin has a huge stack of glass bowls and I suggest we clean them. He and I are doing this precarious balancing act with the dishes as we playfully argue who's going to do the dishes and when. In order to prevent the whole bunch to tumble and break, we manage to make three smaller columns of dishes. Now I am at the sink and washing off dried bits of catsup and food off the dish. Now I am looking for a place to go to the bathroom. Paulina has moved in with me, so she's around. I want some privacy. Howard is around, too. I find a small hall-like room with a door at each end and I try to close both doors as Paulina and someone is on the left side in a living room watching TV and someone else is on the right side in another room. I squat to have a bowel movement and pause, wishing I had brought toilet paper. I realize if I let go, I will urinate all over the floor, and I pick up a bit of paper debris to hold under me to catch some of the flow. It's going to be a mess. Then I realize, now that I am alone, I can just go into the bathroom and do it normally in a toilet and save myself a lot of muss and fuss. I get up to go to the bathroom, feeling relieved. (250 words)
#2290 (1992-11-06)

A large jungle cat, like a tiger and a huge snake, are all wrapped up around each other fighting. A cut is made on the back of the cat's head at the base of the skull so the snake can get its poison into the cat and kill it. But if it's the snake doing it, where did he get the paws?? So I don't know who is biting and poisoning who! (72 words)
#2291 (1992-11-07)

I am teaching a small group of difficult students, math. They're rowdy, refuse to be quiet and I keep trying to talk over them. Finally, in frustration, I yell, "Shut up," and slap them around on the face and ears. It doesn't really do much. I dismiss the ones who are merely marginally difficult and say these four have to stay. I tell them to go up to the board and give one of them (four teen males) the problem 5 + 5 to work, I am sarcastic. He can't get it. Later, I am with Paulina and looking in a glass display case at miniatures. I want to pierce my eyelid and wear a small model of the USS Enterprise. We look at them and I change my mind because they would be so heavy I wouldn't be able to open my eye. I see my small kitten and it is playing with a small colorful mouse with a baby miniature mouse at its side. I hope my cat doesn't hurt the mouse baby. Later I ask my mother where I should put this bowl of food. I tell her I put it under a shelf on a wall so it's out of the way of feet and won't get stepped on. She says that's OK. Aunt Naomi is around somewhere. (222 words)
#2294 (1992-11-13)

I am in an apartment that is across a street from a gas station. A man comes over and says that this could be mutually beneficial for me and the man who owns the station. I have something he wants and he has something I want. The man comes over, kind of a geek, and says, "Oh, by the way, I owe you some money because I helped myself to some tags for hunting and I need to pay you now." And I say, "Oh, really? Well, then you should also pay me interest because you didn't even ask." He laughs and tries to weasel out of doing that. Now he and another man and I are walking, still dickering about the money, and he wants to be my honey. He asks and I say no. He then puts his hand/arm around my shoulder and I walk out from under his embrace. That makes him mad. He's kind of like a wealthy black man, only he's white. I go into a closet to find a pretty dress to wear and he is watching jealously. (184 words)
#2295 (1992-11-13)

I am watching CNN and it is a hidden camera in Noriego's bedroom. He is laying in bed, on his back, and no covers over him. I am a bit embarrassed and curious and look. I see he is naked and I want to see what his penis looks like. He's kind of flabby and has dark, black, curly pubic hair and a dark-skinned, medium-sized, semi-flaccid penis. He starts to play with it to excite himself and I think, "How weird. He knows the camera is there." I watch, disgusted and fascinated. Then a snake tongue comes out of the tip of the penis and Noriego curls up so he can get that tongue flicking in and out of his mouth. He's almost in the shape of a circle and the flicking tongue, forked, is quite long and active. (139 words)
#2296 (1992-11-14)

"I am driving and there is road work and a detour. I get out of the car and start walking, only I take the wrong way and the men start teasing me by saying loudly, "Hey what kind of person doesn't read the signs?" I shrug and turn and get on the right road and see two men walking that way. The road isn't paved yet, they are about to pave it. As I am walking, I realize that I am supposed to get married at 2 o'clock and look at my watch. It is 5 after 2:00. I am late. I had forgotten I was getting married today and I feel embarrassed. I need to find a phone to call. Darn it, now if I do the wedding another day, it will cost more money for more flowers and so on. I sure made a big mistake! I tell the men I need to get there because I'm getting married. I tell Lucy, who I don't actually see. I say, "What can this be saying, that I forgot I was getting married? Maybe I don't want to get married!" I find a house and ask to borrow the phone. Is it OK to call information to get the number? They say yes. They ask where it's being held, M City? I say, "No, more like C City." Then I remember, it's E City. I need the diocese, but I can't remember it's name or number. (246 words)
#2299 (1992-11-18)

I am visiting in Dover and meet a large woman who is a comedian and runs a restaurant in her home. I'm with Ginny. I want to tell this woman that I am a comedian too, but feel hesitant and shy. Finally I open my back pack, which has two zipper panels, to get my tapes to share with her. I see food in there, eggs, sandwiches, etc., that we had packed for the day. I hope the tapes aren't getting ruined. I tell her that the one tape is my comedy character, Evangeline, and the other one is my poetry, just plain poetry. I see that the picture on that tape is me in my wedding dress. All I see is the veil as my back is turned. She takes the tapes and thanks me. I haven't the courage to tell her I'm selling them and feel badly I let her have them without any money, but it's OK sort of because its networking. Later she gives me two tapes of her material and we're even. We are in her living room where a small group of people are having dinner at the one table of her restaurant. Now a CP man in a chair grabs my hand and wants me to run along side him. Off we go and I'm yelling angrily, "I can only do this with skates." Over and over I yell that, but he doesn't get it and drags me along. Finally I get him to stop and I angrily ask him why didn't he listen to me. I know I didn't exactly yell stop! but anyone with a brain could tell that's what I'm saying. (281 words)
#2300 (1992-11-18)

I am seated at a round table with other people and we are being guarded by alien beings (sort of reptilian). They are feeding us to fatten us up to eat us later. I realize this and pass my food on to the others so I won't get fat. I hope they don't notice. I watch them carefully, feeling fear because I know at some point I shall have to make a stand and will probably be killed. At one point I am somehow flying up the outside wall and peeking inside a window where two aliens are going to make love. As they do, I overhear one saying in horror, "You have a white cross mark on your hand." This means that their blood will kill him if he contacts it. I then know how I can save myself. Now I am back at the table and I try to set up a fight between aliens so their bad blood will kill themselves off. I hope I'm not killed in the process. [BL] (173 words)
#2301 (1992-11-20)

I have to do the next round in the comedy challenge and I can't decide if I should do the routine I did before or do a new one. I feel very nervous. There are a series of places I must go in sequence to do the routine. The first one is in a living room late at night. I keep getting distracted and now it's time to do the routine and I don't remember all the old routine. I sure wish I'd practiced more. I start to talk, saying anything that comes to mind and some of the jokes are funny. I tell them I had dreamed a joke and naturally wrote it down. It was very funny, but when I woke up I looked at what I had written. It said, "Frackel ummm orange." Everyone thought that was very funny and laughed. Then a man starts talking to me, sort of interviewing me, and I spend the rest of the routine time talking with him in front of the small group of audience members. I hope it counts. After it all, I must rest before going on to the next round and lay down on a sofa bed (hideaway bed). The man who is attracted to me lies down beside me in spoon fashion. He is hesitant, but he wants to and I pretend to be asleep, even though I enjoy him being near. Then he reaches over and kisses me sweetly. I do not respond, pretending to sleep and enjoy the kiss. He says, "Please don't tell my wife I did this." (265 words)
#2302 (1992-11-21)

I am in some sort of soap opera. The man is black and I am white, so the producers had him "married" to a black woman, but he comes to me and says, "It's you I really love," and embraces me. He kisses my throat open-mouthed like a bite, only it's a delicious kiss and I love it and respond warmly to his advances. We agree that it doesn't matter if he's black and I'm white. We love each other. (80 words)
#2303 (1992-11-21)

Dovre is choosing some miniature furniture from my collection. She has to return home and I am going to drive her to the airport in the next small town, but she says she prefers to go farther to the Hartford airport because she wants to hang out in the big city for a while. I am annoyed. I don't want to take that kind of time and energy. Then I feel guilty because a good mother would do this happily for her child. I am being selfish. [BL] (87 words)
#2304 (1992-11-23)

I am at a garage sale with Howard, looking around. I find a miniature Japanese bookshelf and say, "I want this." I also say, "This isn't the right period, but I like it anyway." It has bamboo sliding panels over the bookshelves. Then I find a wallet and I open it and it has many interesting and roomy pockets with zippers. The zippers are fairly easy to work and I am surprised at all the room in the little compartments. Then I wonder how I would fold it back up into a wallet when I fill all those compartments. I find a red small purse with another wallet in it and want it. It is $9.95, and even though this is a high price, I decide to get it as well as the other. (134 words)
#2306 (1992-11-25)

I am driving a motorcycle "car" with two seats. It's sort of a race. I must stop for gas very often, like every ten feet or so, and I keep forgetting to turn the engine back on. Then I spin my wheels, wasting the gas. A dark-haired young woman in an emerald green outfit is racing me. She is behind me and never smiles. She'd ask me when I stop for gas and then I'd pass her on the road. The road is curvy like a curved staircase. A young man (maybe Dwight) is in the passenger seat. I think I wear the old-fashioned motorcycle hat with flaps over the ears, made of leather. [BL] (114 words)
#2307 (1992-11-26)

I am walking at the head of a group of people and we are looking at traffic to see when we can get back on the road. One woman reaches past me to kiss her man. I move aside so they can be together and the next thing I know, there are two couples in front and I am alone in back. I follow them from now on. We are now traveling and the road is now a hallway in a high-rise building. It's a boring, repetitious path around and around this square, uphill path. (95 words)
#2308 (1992-11-26)

I see a dog who is very enthusiastic and eager to do his job. He is asked to sniff out where the woman is who is going to give them her baby. I follow the dog as he lunges, sniffing, through a thick crowd of people. It is nearly impossible to get through, it is so dense, but somehow the dog manages to worm his way through. A path opens for him and tightly closes as he passes. He finds a woman seated in a corner holding her baby girl. She sees the dog and says sadly, "You found me." She doesn't want to give up the baby. She had already given up the sister of this baby to these same people, but she resignedly goes with the dog back to the people and gives up the baby. Now I am seated on a couch and watch as a woman comes in and is told, surprise, she's going to get married. She wears a strapless dress, black, like my "kidnapped in Mexico" dress. Out of a closet pops a silly hip minister, a boy and maybe the dog. He will perform the ceremony. (193 words)
#2309 (1992-11-27)

I am in a room and I am the "affianced" wife of Dr. Abrams. People think I am ordinary-looking and so do I, but I am supposed to be quite beautiful to be the "affianced" wife of Dr. Abrams. When I am announced, I am kind of surprised and think, "But I don't want it to be Dr. Abrams." Later I enter an elevator-like room and see what looks like a dead dog, small, cute and furry, but dead. "Ugh," I think, "I don't want to be in here with a dead dog." Then the elevator closes and I push the #3 button, but the elevator is very slow and goes to the basement first. The dog is now very much alive and is fiercely trying to eat my foot or bite my ankle. I must try to stave it off and pick up a "stick" or rectangular long, skinny piece of wood to force it back. It is a hard fight and it nearly gets me, over and over. The ride is slow and takes forever. (177 words)
#2311 (1992-12-05)

I am in some man's bed and I'm reading his sex book, looking at pictures of a step-by-step sexual encounter. I see him hugging the woman from behind and I see the vulva from the perspective of looking at from the outside, like a doctor would see or a lover. I feel sexual excitement with all these pictures. [BL] (58 words)
#2312 (1992-12-07)

I have chosen a big fat book from the library about World War I. As it happens, WWI is happening and I must pack my things and move on. Robert Mitchum comes by and I tell him I will go west, and not east, because east is a false road and dangerous. He agrees. He and I have an innocent strong sense of love. We hug and kiss, and feel very connected with a sweet love. He asks me which things I'll take and I say all of them. I ask him to be tolerant and not laugh. I do take out some of the gem rocks and fossils so the load will be lighter for him and me. I have a blue backpack and a box. I decide to return the big fat book and get a smaller one. He says, "You don't have to do that," but I insist. It will make it easier for us. We need the information but it can be in a more compact form. We walk arm in arm to the library to do the exchange before we hit the road to do battle. (191 words)
#2313 (1992-12-08)

I am sort of at Grandma Mildred's house. I am changing clothes and putting on the old outfit I wore many years ago, the reddish jeans, tight and sexy, and a reddish turtleneck. I have a long, flowing lacey slip on and have some trouble keeping it out of the jeans. I take the slip off. Jake is in the other room and is wearing a bright blue shirt and is looking much better, happier. I realize that he and Valerie are getting back together. I go on to the dining room and Valerie is there and she is pregnant. Her breasts are large and fulsome and she is dressed very pretty in a brightly colored peach dress. I am glad they are back together and wonder if it will work. Probably it will because she is pregnant again. (139 words)
#2314 (1992-12-08)

I am showing a young woman how to take control of her life. I am steering a long, skinny boat through difficult waters, that happen to be sort of in a house, as I steer around furniture and stairs and things. I'm pretty good at it. I stand in the front and pole the boat through. Later I am going to wash myself and decide to use the sink, not the bathtub, and lather up my hands and arms and under my pits and realize this is a very effective way to get clean. I look in the mirror and see a man's face. He's a bit plump, white with reddish curly hair. I am surprised. The mirror is mostly steamed up and I scrunch down to see myself more clearly in a clear piece of mirror. Then I see some clothes have fallen in the sink. I get them out, but they are soaked: a black full skirt, a teal blue blouse, etc. Before all this, I was getting up to go to a meeting and realized the time had changed an hour but we hadn't set the clocks, so I was probably late for the meeting. I look at different clocks and ask a woman if she knows if we change them forward or backward. She didn't know. Then later, I am walking toward a house. I am successful and someone, a young woman, asks if I would ever marry. I laugh. "Why should I?" Jerome is walking by me and is very attracted, as I am independent, powerful and good at what I do. I am walking with another man he knows, and he uses that as an excuse to walk with us. He is attracted to me. (291 words)
#2315 (1992-12-09)

I am in a room that is lovely and spacious, an old-fashioned fraternity kind of room, windows, etc., but the entire room is cluttered with glassware, red glasses, dishes, etc. It is very pretty, but there is not much room to just be. I am in a bed with a woman roommate. I am smoking two very long cigarettes. I hold one and smoke the other and then switch. I have trouble keeping them from falling in the bed and starting a fire. The cigarettes are slim, long and silver in color. It's time to get up. I go on out and now I am with two men in a sort of room. They are my roommates, but they are sort of strangers. We're in this "room" until our regular room is ready. Finally it is ready, room 406. The man goes ahead. He asks if I need help walking or carrying my things. I say no. He goes around the corner and now I am alone and wondering why I didn't say yes, I could use help. I ask directions of the room and see a tall four-story building of hotel rooms and they point to the 4th floor. I start walking. Somewhere in there, I call a lawyer, or threaten to call a lawyer. (216 words)
#2316 (1992-12-10)

Rochelle and I (both walking) are investigating a man who publicly displays his full, erect penis. He calls it public cocking. Rochelle goes into the garage room of his house where orgy stuff is going on. I hang out outside, not really wanting to see. He's quite proud of his abilities. I look and see a large, erect penis. I see a wood pile with what looks like a carcass of a deer, but part human laying on it, no skin, and from the waist down only muscle showing. (89 words)
#2317 (1992-12-10)

I'm in a car, in the front seat, and talking with a cousin. We like each other and are laughing. I see a short cousin who I don't like coming toward the car. He wants to kiss me. He gets in the driver's side. I am in the middle and he tries to grab me and kiss me. I "playfully" say "ugh" and make jokes and squirm away. He really is annoyed at me and wants to connect. He's jealous of the sweet camaraderie with my other cousin. With the kissing cousin is another man I don't like who is building a square wooden box in the front seat in the driver's side and he's making rude remarks and leering. Later, I get out and go to where the short cousin is now seated on a couch. The cousin is tow headed and holds in his lap two sweet tow headed children, obviously his. I smile at the children because they are so cute and reluctantly smile at the cousin because he's being sweet and fatherly to them. He goes to put them down for their nap. The cousin hopes this has impressed me and I want to move away from him. Dovre is around. We are going somewhere. Dora is there somewhere. Maybe we are going shopping. (218 words)
#2318 (1992-12-11)

Jake is driving. We are in the M City back roads area and probably going to his house. He's all locked in and driving fast and I say, "Hey, come on. If you want to commit suicide go ahead, but don't take us with you." He gets mad at me and yells, "Leave me alone. I just don't want to talk about it." He's very angry and teary. I feel very touched by his pain. I try to be honest and share that it's been years since I've been in relationship. No one wants me. Maybe I'm ugly, or too hard to live with or maybe it's the disability, I don't know, but it's lonely. I empathize with his feelings right now. We have a heart-to-heart talk. It is intense and I'm touched by his powerful pain and loneliness. (139 words)
#2319 (1992-12-11)

I had managed to send up my own space ship five days ago, and Lucy and maybe Merle were in it. I am excited and anxious for them to return so I can find out how the adventure went. Maybe they will land today or tomorrow. I feel proud of my accomplishment. I'm kind of sorry I didn't go and excited about when and if they return. I hope I didn't send them to a doomed ending. (77 words)
#2320 (1992-12-12)

I am in a group of people and I want them to read my play, the new one I just wrote, something about sex and men and women and how they relate. They start reading it and I walk around listening and noticing that no one really listens or understands my unusual scene breaks. Finally, the man stops reading but the play is only half done and I ask him to continue reading. He says, "Naw, it's boring and besides someone said this must have been written by a fat old woman, because it puts down men and sex." I try to convince him to read the rest because then it will all balance out and they will see, but he won't. I walk over to where Sherry Lady is seated and try to talk with her. No dice. (139 words)
#2323 (1992-12-15)

I am standing on a very rickety old stage and must be careful not to stand on any of the rotten spots or it could cave in and I'd fall through. I have a mike and am explaining this to the audience. Alexander is in the audience. I joke that one doesn't know what kind of horrible rotten stuff is accumulated down there. Jerome is in the audience. (68 words)
#2324 (1992-12-17)

I am a fast runner and live in a communist country. I am a young boy. I must get on a truck that is crossing the border to freedom. Everyone is getting on the truck. I am one of the last ones and as I try to crawl up the railed sides, the guard says it's too late, no more room. He won't let me on. I plead, hanging on and at the last second force myself on as the truck speeds off. He was going to toss me off the truck, but doesn't, now that it is moving. I clutch my $7.00 in my right hand. It is all I own. (112 words)
#2326 (1992-12-18)

I am in a room with C. dept. people like Judith and Dylan. They are like the Merton Circle. It's my sort of living room. There is a cat, and a Charla like small girl. Later there are two men who are aggressive and pushing us around. A Jerome-type man is from the military and he picks one of the men up easily and holds him up so his feet are off the floor. This makes the men realize what strength and expertise he has. I had been feeling strong anger at them, but now feel safer because Jerome will protect me, but then as I stand next to Jerome and he stands watching, the two men go to a phone and call for reinforcements. Now we're really in trouble. We don't do anything about it but watch. The feeling of anger is very strong. (145 words)
#2327 (1992-12-22)

I own a hotel, and a prince and his family want to buy it. He comes in and looks kind of silly in a red, ornate uniform with his hair messed up. He is also selling vacuum cleaners and he demonstrates one for me. He tries to vacuum up green cat shit and fur balls. I am disgusted at that stuff being on my floor and vaguely think of Ellie. The gunk clogs up the vacuum. I decide to buy some of his vacuums because it's cheaper to do that than sell the hotel. I go on to another room. The royal family will join us for a lunch. There is a square table with four panels that make the table longer. They fold in and out. I need to go to the bathroom. I go down the hall even though I know there is a bathroom off the room I was in, but I don't want to use that one, perhaps because it's closer to where people are, perhaps my mother. (172 words)
#2328 (1992-12-22)

Another woman and myself are standing up beside a seated man. I hold a paper and the two of us are reciting a long list of rhyming things with lots of numbers on them to the man. The woman on my right knows them by heart and I sort of know them but mumble along, looking at the paper often. One line is that some people did not believe us that they thought we had sold them a bill of goods with the Tenemen square, one long yard (the whole nine yards). We looked at the word Tenemen to double check. Yes, it was the right word. (107 words)
#2329 (1992-12-23)

I have a little table top desk thing that I use to paint and so on and it is wobbly. I ask this British man if he could fix it. He happily says he can. He fixes it as I ask him questions like where in England did he live. He said he lived in boarding schools. I say, "I'm sorry. That must have been hard for you, lonely." He smiles and agrees. Now that it's fixed, I decide to paint a picture. I wonder what picture to do. He smiles and says, "Why not a picture of me in a wedding, my wedding?" I laugh derisively and say, "HAA! Never. But I'll do one of you in a wedding." He wants it to be a picture of the two of us at our wedding. He likes me. He says his name is Ringo and I think that rhymes with Bingo, my name. (153 words)
#2330 (1992-12-23)

I am in bed, lying down because I have a slight cold and I'm tired. I'd been working, paper work or learning French and had suddenly run out of energy. I'm laying on my tummy. Dan comes by. I am glad to see him but the timing isn't all that good. I get up and we go into the next room, a sort of living room (maybe a hotel). He's sympathetic and wants me to get well. Now I'm standing in front of a window and the devil himself comes to me through the window and bites and holds my right arm as I hold it straight out to the side. I am paralyzed with disgust, but I realize I must go through this to be better. It feels like something horrible, partly sexual, is possessing me and I stoically stand there and endure it. Finally, it is enough and I fall back on the floor, on my back. The devil is gone and I am relieved. (167 words)
#2332 (1992-12-25)

I come home to my apartment after being gone a week (perhaps Xmas at M City.) Dovre is there. I see the place is a mess. I need to find something and can't, too much stuff to look through. I then see a huge turkey on the kitchen counter. It is bubbling with toxic bacteria because it was left out all week and uncooked. What a waste. I tell Ellie to throw it out. I am annoyed with her for leaving it out. I ask what this huge boxed set of food stuff is from. She says it's from _____. I start looking at what's in it. There are some interesting things I might like. (115 words)
#2333 (1992-12-26)

I am trying to help a small boy who has a severed artery in the crook of his right arm. I hold it, hoping to stop the bleeding. We are walking and nearing an old abandoned trailer house where nurses work. I'm going to stop in and let them help, but we pass and now it's my arm and I lift the bandage and see the number 1112 in red. The number is the pin pricks of the needle (where the needle went in to draw blood) and the red is the blood starting to well up again. I think the bleeding is nearly done, so I don't stop by at the trailer house. (114 words)
#2334 (1992-12-26)

I am a young boy and I see the bad man who wants to steal the statues of a god and a goddess. The statues are very special. They come alive. I hide them up a tree, like figurines, and hope he doesn't see them. We almost make it, but they start moving and open their eyes and so he sees them. He puts them in a truck or the trunk of a car. They slither out, moving across the ground and yet still frozen in their stature forms. I hide them in a house and the bad men are all over searching. (103 words)
#2335 (1992-12-26)

I am the wife of a Frank Sinatra man, rich and uncaring. He has a mistress and he's getting ready to go play golf with her. I am standing upstairs in our mansion looking out the large and spacious windows to see where he'll go because then I can go off and have my affair with this man. I decide to foul up his affair and go out and say, "Where are you going?" He has to lie and I feel pleased with myself. I point out that he leaves muddy tracks on the carpet. I then go to his young mistress and invite her to come with me to watch a boxing match. She agrees, not knowing what else to do and follows me. I go into an older house and start to walk upstairs. She is me now. She points out my own feet make smaller muddy tracks on the carpet. I show her two choices, a sharp metal pointy thing or a less dangerous one. I want us to see "real" boxing where men hurt each other for real and there is blood. She doesn't want to see that at this. (194 words)
#2336 (1992-12-27)

I am in a cafeteria of a school. You have to purchase the meal all together. I say, "But I don't want all of it. I only want two pieces of bacon." The man at the cash register is annoyed with me. I say, "I think you should only pay for the part you eat." He is adamant. I refuse to comply. My way makes more sense. I decide to leave and go to the movies. I am talking to Merle. He has seen the movie. He liked it. A man who might be gay says I will love the hero. He is very feminine (like he is saying "a hunk" or beautiful). (113 words)
#2339 (1992-12-28)

I am trying to get a hotel room and being demanding. I'm not getting my way. Now I see a scrooge with alien-like eyes and he's really self-centered. Derwood Kirby lost his job at the factory and Scrooge says, "Well then, you can choose any thing you want from my things." Derwood is touched and chooses his favorite. Scrooge says, "Good, I'll be happy to give it to you at 1 percent off the normal price." Derwood leaves in disgust at the insensitivity of Scrooge. Later, I see me on an English cable TV show. I am wearing my half glasses and doing Evangeline faces. I have fat wrinkles under my chin. I look old. I keep swiveling my head back and forth like I'm on a couch between two people and trying to give eye contact with them both as I brightly talk on in my interview. Then I do a Evangeline shtick and am funny. (157 words)
#2340 (1992-12-29)

I dream something that I interpret means I must kill the mother inside me (the negative mother). Then I dream something about that not being right. I must let the negative mother die. That is better. Then I am an older woman who calls my family together to announce that I am running for the Senate. The president of the United States called me and asked me to serve. The women in the family are happy. My husband and son or son-in-law are unhappy, especially when I answer the question of how much will I earn. The answer is $60,000. This is more than my husband makes. I hope he will be able to handle this. (116 words)
#2341 (1993-01-01)

I am in danger. There are aliens and we must run. A woman says, Synchronize your watches." I see mine is set now for 10 of 1:00. We take a deep breath and start walking briskly down the sidewalk. Now we must do what is called chaining. There are fringes of styrofoam-like curls like packing material on our ankles and when we come to a doorway or checking area, we must give up one chain. The door was coming frequently (like taxing booths), the paths are branching out and soon we will lose all our chains and then God knows what will happen to us. I think I carry a child or two in my arms. We are like fleeing Jews. [BL] (121 words)
#2343 (1993-01-01)

I am kneeling on the floor where there is a terrible mess of cheese pieces and slices all over and paper and stuff. The kid that made the mess refuses to clean it up so I, in exasperation, decide to do it. The door opens and Andrea comes in and says, "I've had a very bad day, but I am managing and everything will be all right." She looks down at me and sees I've had an equally bad day. I gather up the stuff and carry it into the kitchen. We and other women are talking about a trip of some kind, packing for it and suddenly it's time to go. I encourage a woman to go spontaneously without taking anything, leaving the book behind. She hesitates and then does. It is freeing, and scary. I am now walking down a flight of stairs, perhaps carpeted, and telling someone, perhaps Ellie, that my mother and Aunt Naomi were the bossy, controlling ones and Millie and Bonnie were the fun-loving, playful ones. Too bad. Ellie lays out a row of objects on the stairs to demonstrate this concept. Now I have no place to step, I am blocked, so she has to move some of them so I have a place to step. (213 words)
#2345 (1993-01-03)

In the first dream there is a Russian and I am an American and he likes me and I like him. We flirt and enjoy each other. Later, there is another man and I want to feel the same way with him, only it isn't working out. It's boring. We are in a car and I want to find some food to eat, like a sack lunch or picnic. I find some stuff between the door and the front seat, but it isn't all that appetizing. I notice a high wind coming and we run for an old dilapidated barn for cover. We get in and there is no way to close an old broken wooden window, no glass. We go to a corner and sit on a hay-strewn bench. I look out and see entire groves of trees being smashed by the force of the wind. Fortunately this is barren country and not much around to be destroyed. I try to feel good about cuddling up with this guy, but it is boring. There is nothing in the barn but us, the wooden bench and some bits of hay. (190 words)
#2346 (1993-01-04)

I want to publish my book and some sleazy agent man is going to help me. It's going to cost. Some woman says I spent ____ money on my book and I said, "By the time we print it, it will cost us about 5 or 6 thousand dollars." It's a sort of one-upmanship. Then there is a series of shootings. One man shoots another and two men stand off and fire at each other point blank. I am appalled. One man is my friend. He's laying face down in a pool of blood. A woman cries and wants to help, but is afraid to touch him. I kneel down and inspect the back for a wound. I find none, so I turn him over and see a small bullet hole (22 caliber) near the base of the throat (where a tracheotomy might be). It is bleeding just a little. I am relieved. Then I see a hole near the chest and try to stop the bleeding. He will live. (170 words)
#2348 (1993-01-08)

I am in the passenger side of a car and we stop to see a piece of furniture in a garage sale on the side of the road. It is a wooden display case that has rows of small drawers or boxes that rotate like a display watch case. I am intrigued and think it will be perfect for my small things and jewelry. I see a large price tag on it that says $89. I think I can afford that so we get out to look. The family that is selling it is very excited and bring me lots of accessory things that go with it free of charge, a large, plastic yellow top which I think looks cheap, and so on. I decide to buy it. Now I see a small chocolate Eskimo pie man who is going out to explore the world. He hops along and I sort of follow. He decides to go into a cafe where this man has gone in. A small tiny woman his size comes out and says, "Oh, you are my size." She likes that. He goes on. Inside, he hops into a refrigerated display case, glass, and stands with other stick figure candies. I now go to find the man. I see him settling in at a table and I go sit at the table next to him, pretending I don't see him. He sits down next to me, surprised. He is tall, lanky and dark-haired. (246 words)
#2350 (1993-01-08)

I am on skates and I am skating down a street when I suddenly take a left turn to a curvy downhill road with a dropoff on the left side and buildings on the right. I feel apprehensive about this decision because I'm not so good at skating and I could make a mistake and go over the side, not being able to control my speed and end up going over the edge. Off I go anyway, almost against my will or better judgement. Then I see a long steep set of stairs that is like a ladder. It is so steep that I go over the edge; I hang on to the rail on my right and speedily skate from stair to stair. I am amazed I can do so well, barely managing not to fall and hurt myself. Jock is around somewhere. Maybe he's skating too. (148 words)
#2351 (1993-01-08)

I go into a room, possibly a bedroom, where I find Ellie to ask her to help me out. I want to go swimming, but didn't remember to bring my swimsuit. She says, "How can you swim then?" I say, "I can borrow a t-shirt and shorts from you and swim in them." She sighs, not wanting to go to the trouble. Now I see Charla, naked, and I pat her butt and feel like I did when the children were tiny babies. The butt is so cute and soft and I feel tenderness. She grabs onto me and hugs me and we laugh. The butt is not completely like a baby's, though there are wrinkled patches like my butt. I ask Ellie to find something for me, maybe photos and I point to where they are. (137 words)
#2354 (1993-01-12)

I am living in a 3-room apartment that has a downhill slope in one of the rooms. I have a sweet, chubby baby boy and I've been ill, but now I'm recovering and I get up and carry him around with me and feed him food and hug him and love him. He laughs and chuckles and is very content. I also do exercises by walking from one end of the apartment to the other, back and forth, back and forth. I look out the bedroom window and see on the hill right behind the apartment men who are camping there because they are homeless. They are on horseback and have makeshift tents. It is icy and slick outside and I step out, slide down the ramp and slide back up and back in. The letter A in fancy cursive is written in the fogged-up bedroom window. (147 words)
#2355 (1993-01-13)

I am trying to return home and am late, and as the plane is starting to leave, I leap up on the top of the thing and crawl over to the front cockpit into the co-pilot's chair. The pilot chides me not to cut it so close next time and I then go back to a regular seat. It's a propeller plane, not a jet. (65 words)
#2356 (1993-01-13)

I am going up some stairs and then down and there is a sort of playful game going on with a man. We are mutually attracted. I ask a group of half grown boys to surround me so he can't see me and they do. I'm in the center, laughing and peeking out at him. He peeks in and sees me as I lay down on the floor, laughing. He recognized me because of my legs and feet. They were female. (81 words)
#2359 (1993-01-16)

A beautiful Barbie doll kind of woman is laying in a coffin-like box with her lover, a beautiful man. They are going to kiss but the woman is dead, and her body begins to dissolve molecule by molecule and is absorbed into the mountain, a stone mountain in a pyramid shape. I see the blood cells in there and wonder how she can still be alive, but she is. It is necessary to get her out, the man still loves her. And through some Herculean effort, she is pulled out of the rock, molecule by molecule and put back together. I am amazed she is still alive. (107 words)
#2360 (1993-01-16)

There is a bad guy that can emanate some horrible, painful sound or radiation that keeps everyone his prisoner. Just at the moment he turns it on, I as a superman kind of being disintegrate and disperse my molecules as I fly up and away. He's upset I got away. But now I must go back and fight him in order to save my family, now frozen in his power. I go, via instructions from some feminine voice, to a platform up in the clouds and there are some remote control-like game boards in a basket. I pick up one. The voice says, "This one can be adapted well." I look at it closer. It is a chess game, electronic. I say "Ah, the good old chess game," satisfied it can be modified to fight this powerful man and save my family. I turn it over and look at the back side of it and see the tiny shapes of the black "men" or pieces. I want to review the rules of how they are allowed to move. [BL] (178 words)
#2361 (1993-01-16)

There are three tanks of fish in this living room. I go look. I am holding a tiny rectangle that is maybe a 1/4 inch thick plastic enclosed piece with tiny fish in it. I wonder how they can be still alive, there's no way to get food to them. I realize I haven't feed the fish in the three big tanks for years. I see large goldfish that appear dead, floating on their sides. I get the fish food and pour some on the top of the water and the fish swarm, boiling all around desperate for food. I feel really bad for them. I wonder how they survived. I see Howard's face around. Later, some child says, "The baby is hungry." I walk up some stairs and down a long hall to the back bedrooms. There are a lot of rooms. I haven't been here for a long time. Dovre as a pre-teen is with me. I find the bedroom where the baby is. She's laying on an old uncomfortable double bed. She is 3-years-old now. I am going to dress her and I'm looking for matching shoes that will fit, but can't find a matching pair. They are all colorful plastic see-through bootie slippers. I say, "It's about time we moved you into a better room. You're a big girl now. You aren't a baby." It's like a graduation statement and I make it seriously. I take her by the hand, and we walk back down the long hall with up and down stairs in it toward the front rooms where I live. She says, "How come I haven't been here very much? It's important to be here." I say, "I don't know, but now you will live here." I feel badly I've neglected her. (298 words)
#2363 (1993-01-17)

I am given the job of working a "board" sort of like at Ellie's radio station, or like a switch board. I don't get much training and I'm trying to remember the sequences. A small red light comes on and it is labeled star. I know this is a "star" message and it is important to hear it. I push some buttons hoping that would work, but it doesn't. I keep trying different sequences and objects. I remember I first have to pick up a bottle labeled "star" and put some of that substance in something. I look for the bottle. I find lots of different ones but not the right one. Red Buttons walks in and I want to talk with him. I enjoy his company but I must first finish what I'm doing. I say to him, "I'm sorry, but I'm new at this job and I have to find the star." He says "OK, but it looks like they didn't give you much training." I say, "No, only a few hours before I took over." He says, "You shouldn't have accepted that." I feel annoyed and say, "Just a minute." I climb up a bookcase-like thing to look on the top shelf. I find different bottles all just out of reach and knock a few over in my search. Some are like onion powder bottles. They are almost it, but not quite. I feel frustrated. (238 words)
#2364 (1993-01-18)

Kenneth is leaning out of a window and turned around looking up to the next floor and trying to kiss a man who is leaning down toward him. I watch, surprised, because Kenneth is married to a woman. Later, I am going on a vacation. I am catching a plane. I get on and realize I have not packed a thing. I had time to do so, but somehow I didn't manage to do it. I wear a black sheath dress. I have no meds, no other clothes, no books. I wonder how I'll manage. Now I'm on a boat-like thing and it's plowing through waters that look shallow, but must have a channel deep enough in it or we wouldn't be able to move. It's time to dress for dinner and a man wants to meet me, so I open a closet and see lots of formals and fancy dresses, nothing appropriate. I look through them, but don't find anything usable. (162 words)
#2365 (1993-01-20)

I am at a reunion and I see Darryl. He stands near me and I can feel the same sweet sexual excitement I felt around him. He and I talk, sort of aware of the feelings but not acting on them. He then begins to kiss me and I like it very much and start to want more. I am walking and holding his arm like he is a gallant escort. He sees a friend of his and hesitates to introduce us. Perhaps he is remembering my disability and is embarrassed, but he does introduce us. The man isn't very warm. Then Darryl and I sit in a manual wheelchair. I am semi laying down in the chair and he is on top of me, kissing. I say, "We can write for awhile, but then maybe I can come to you in Texas or you can return here to me." We really want to make love now. (157 words)
#2368 (1993-02-02)

I am a leader and the chores have all been assigned. A man is supposed to do the dishes. I pass a clouded mountainside and see a yellow wooden horse, adult-sized, but like a child's toy, half out of the clouds. I call it to someone's attention. "Look at that," I say. Then it comes alive and is now a very artistic looking man in a leotard full body suit of swirling yellows and greens. He runs fast past us to my quarters. He is sneaking down the mountain to eat my food. I guess he doesn't have any up there. But the man and I have been so busy fighting or defending that the dishes haven't been done for days and he sees a bowl of cream of wheat, but no small bowls to eat out of. I look around and say, "Well, I guess we don't have any bowls left." I am annoyed with the man, because I've done all my chores and haven't nagged him, but enough is enough. I tell him he needs to get on it. I am willing to help some. I decide to give two of my paper bowls to the other man until the dishes are finally done. Now I am trying to tie a scarf around my waist like a seat belt and it is too loose. There is a dolly and a tiny baby dolly. I'm holding them and trying to tie the scarf and it is cumbersome and difficult. Finally I get the idea to knot the scarf up shorter and put the two dollies together so they can hold each other. It works, sort of, only this big bulk is still all on my lap and gets in my way. (292 words)
#2370 (1993-02-04)

I am laying on the ground sort of on a picnic blanket with my sister Lydia. A good-looking man wanders by and is attracted and I am attracted to him. We start to walk along, me in a manual chair. He helps push me around. He wants to go off together with me to a motel and vacation with me. I am tempted because he's a sweet kisser and I enjoy his company and I enjoy being with someone. But if I do, it would mean that I'd have to be in my manual chair, which means he'd have to always help me. I'd lose my power, my freedom and independence. I am torn. I agree to do it. Meanwhile we have some money that really belongs to the Mafia and he suggests we just go spend it, at a $100-a-night hotel. I am unsure, this would lead to big trouble, but I follow him and do it, putting off thinking of the consequences. (164 words)
#2371 (1993-02-04)

My mother has a heating pad and is placing it on me as I am laying down and I say, "No, it goes this way." She says, "No, it doesn't." I say, "Mom, do it my way because it's the way I want it." She resists and I feel angry. I insist. [BL] (52 words)
#2372 (1993-02-06)

Merc and I are going in the direction of a huge wall of water. I look up and realize this is a tidal wave and it makes no sense to be moving toward it. We turn and run as fast as we can for high ground. I climb and climb until I am up on a roof area and see that I am just barely high enough. To my left now is a huge raging river of water. It's close, but I am safe. (84 words)
#2373 (1993-02-08)

I am being forced to drive to California by my evil brother and his wife, my sister-in-law. I earn money either with Social Security or with my writing and they are living off what I earn. Somehow, I manage to get back in the house. I think an older sister, Margaret (elderly), makes this happen. I make a break for it and go into the bathroom off my bedroom and hide. This is kind of like the V house in A City, but not. I quickly go pee and then try to hide under a pile of bed clothes under a small table. The door of the bathroom is a curtain that draws over the door space. I can kind of see through it, although it is not transparent. Margaret comes and sees me but doesn't tell. Later two girl children come by and I hope they don't see me. I'm hidden, but sort of in plain view also. The sister-in-law comes by and peeks around. Margaret lays my play scripts on the pile of bed clothes I am under and asks the sister if it's alright if I rewrite them, if I am found. The sister-in-law agrees, because, of course, it would mean more money for them. (208 words)
#2374 (1993-02-08)

I write a play or story and then I experiment with a machine. I am in a small room. Some people come by and take the machine and are looking it over and exclaiming about how I've managed to improve it. I choose to hide beside a young woman in a wheelchair. I look up at her, asking her not to expose me. I say, "I won't let them hurt you." She hides me. I like being there to eavesdrop on their compliments. Then I rush away and they chase me. I go into the room just beside the one I was in originally and slam the door and try to hold it locked. They pound on the door. They start to come over the transom and I shoot them with my laser beam gun. It slows them down. (139 words)
#2375 (1993-02-08)

I am a young boy and am homeless. I look for a place to hide where I can be warm. I go down to the basement of a large house. I look into barrels for a place to sleep. I see a big furnace, so we'll be warm (another boy is with me). Someone is after us. Then we have to go back upstairs. I get in a pickup truck to drive and my partner is now a tiny girl on a tricycle (like a disability). I reach way down to give her a piece of paper she will need, like a deposit slip from a checkbook. She gives it back and I search the list of numbers to see if it's the right ones. She says, "Can we arrange to be away from here for two hours, because I don't want to be here when the big cloud comes?" I look over and see a devil's tower, like a volcano, and realize a poisonous or nuclear cloud will envelop this for two hours very soon. I agree and we struggle to get away from there. (186 words)
#2376 (1993-02-08)

I am in a library and some new books have been made. Someone videotaped some new material and now some women and myself are going through the material and critiquing it and cataloguing it. I ask a few questions about the abbreviations we will use in our descriptions. Later, I look up on a ceiling and see the underside of a table saw has cut through from above. A man is concerned and wonders why or how this happened. I crawl up and through a trap door to the next floor and see that a woman had started it up and then left it unattended and it cut through. I decide, after debating, to turn it off. Next to it is a sewing machine. I leave it on. Later, Aunt Elaine is asking if I have any more of that apple jam without sugar. I say, "My mother may have some more," and we look in cupboards. We find a jar half full. Later, I am picking at my left big toe nail, trying to get it down to the right size. I go too far and make it too short. It's soft and easy to manage. (197 words)
#2377 (1993-02-10)

I am seated in a big fancy wheelchair right in the first row in the center so that I am right up next to the stage. I wonder if I am blocking the view of others sitting behind me. I am aware that I've never seen a show from this perspective before because in high school I always sat in the back, because of my fears. I watch some show on stage and afterward am mingling with the crowd. Two tall men stand by me and I am aware that I am seeing from a new perspective. Men get to see things that short women can't. He laughs and says, "You mean you've never seen black straps and wrinkles before?" (meaning from their tall vantage point they can look down women's dresses. I think with some concern, "Why would I want to do that? I'm not a lesbian, after all." My father sits in the back row and I go to him. I help him carry two huge axes. We go to the parking lot and see his vehicle which isn't working. I place the two axes in what I thought was the vehicle, and now have to retrieve them because they are laying on the dirt ground. I reach in where the truck should be and get them up. It is hard to do. He watches. Then we walk over to the trailer he had pulled. It is an odd hand-made wooden house trailer with an open wall on one side. I get in. It has a long wooden bench on the long wall. My mother is seated there. (270 words)
#2378 (1993-02-10)

I am working as a writer in a movie studio in Hollywood. I watch with great interest at everything around me. A good-looking man watches me. He follows me out as I am talking to another man. I am telling him all my many projects and this is overheard by the good-looking man. He is impressed. After we are in the parking lot, I discover there's fences and I can't get out the way I'm going, so I turn to go back. I see a huge wind whipping up the dirt all around. I try to cover my mouth and nose to protect myself. The man gets into a car, takes my pink wheelchair and puts it into the trunk, which is in the front and drives off. We go up a very steep off-ramp with red lights on it indicating we are going the wrong way. I am afraid we'll tip over. He smiles when I ask, "Why are we going this way?" I don't like it. Now we are on the freeway. He suddenly stops on the side of the road and grabs me. He is going to rape and kill me, like a serial killer. I smash his head three or four times against the back window and he slumps unconscious. I push him out of the car, but then decide to get my chair out and leave the car; otherwise I'd be stealing it. I have trouble putting the chair together, but manage and go up the side of the freeway, hoping he doesn't regain consciousness and come after me. I find a phone booth and call for help. (273 words)
#2379 (1993-02-11)

Ricardo comes to Ginny and me and says, "Look at my eyes. I'm allergic to the packing stuff." I see his eyes are swollen and bruised-looking in color. He had been opening a bag of party favors that were packed in packing Styrofoam peanuts things. Ernie is around and he is grumpy and angry about things in general. (58 words)
#2383 (1993-02-13)

I watch as a woman captain of a riverboat sternwheeler is navigating in shallow water with dead tree stumps and fallen logs all about. I wonder she isn't ripping out the underbelly of her craft with this plowing-through attitude she's got. Finally she sees the center channel, which is the Mississippi River, and deep and large. She goes there and it's clear sailing for a while. Then there is a decision point. On the left is a huge inland lake and to the right, over a sand bar, is more river. She is very impressed with this lake. It is exciting, so huge, the largest lake bounded by a continent. It seems too much for her and she decides to go on down the river, but then now the boat is being driven down a sand dune to the ocean, where an edge of the lake connects. I realize with delight she could not resist the lake and is going for it in a round about way. Now we're on the ocean and I can feel her (the ocean's) powerful waves. (181 words)
#2384 (1993-02-14)

A man is stealing things and I hesitate and then join him. It's kind of fun. I grab a pack of Salem cigarettes and some chocolate candy and some money. After a while of being concerned he will get caught, I get "caught up" in the excitement and blatantly steal things, even when shoppers are nearby. The man cautions me and says, "You could get caught." I disregard him like I'm addicted to this and then the police come and I run and hide. I go down a steel ladder into an underground manhole-like place and then I am trapped. They have me. I give up. (106 words)
#2385 (1993-02-14)

A play is starting. It's for kids, like the Wizard of Oz or something. It opens with a witch crossing the sky. I look up, we are outside in a city, and I see a man on a helicopter thing. I say, "This time the witch is a man." He has a blue stocking hat on that is pointy like a witch's hat. He's having some trouble landing the thing and I wonder just what kind of a budget this play has where they can afford expensive jet helicopters as props. Two guard jet helicopters come by to assist him. He accidentally gets one of the rotors on a roof and flips over. The play is stopped temporarily, as they go to fix that. I walk down the street. I wonder if the play has started up yet, and see a woman go into a store window display to take her place. I think, "Well, only the best actors get that job, so I guess the play hasn't started yet, but it would be fun to stroll down the street and see all the different live displays." I think Ellie is around somewhere. (193 words)
#2386 (1993-02-14)

I live in an apartment and a woman comes in and says, "I have to help you put proper coverings on the tie downs of your curtains." I am surprised and say, "Why?" She says because the management insists that everyone do it. I am upset. "We'll see about this," I say indignantly. She is the secretary of Dan T and his wife. She comes and works for me a couple of hours a week. She takes down the snowman Xmas ornament I have on the right curtain. There is a Santa Claus ornament on the left tie. I walk down to Dan's office and say, "We have to talk." He sighs, "Here she comes, to make trouble again." I say, "Why do I have to put on specific tie down covers? This feels like an invasion of privacy. I should be able to say what I want to have in my own home." He agrees, but he also explains that the ties need to be protected so they won't get dusty. We talk. I go inspect his curtains to see if he is complying with the rule. He has lace curtains that don't have ties. I say, "I'll have the secretary look it over, my curtains, I mean." He seems very grateful that I hire her for a few hours, like this is a very civic thing to do. He then brings me plastic packets with books and yarn craft things in them and I look them over. It has something to do with the curtain stuff. I choose one, wondering if I should pay for it or just walk out with it and assume he gave it to me. I watch him to get a clue if I am being given it or not. I can't really tell. (300 words)
#2387 (1993-02-15)

Someone burned my house down (like the M City House) and the insurance is going to pay for building a new one on the same location and I am happy. We are temporarily living down the street in a nice house, but it will be good to get back to the original location. Then I am concerned that the man who burned the house down will do something stupid and get caught, and they won't pay for a new house. Now I am getting into a submarine. As we go under the water, a sailor says, "Ah, I love being under the water. It's so safe and clean." I shudder, because I can't help but worry about what would happen if the sub sprung a leak or broke. We'd be killed by the tons of water, with no oxygen. We go to the bottom of the ocean. Now I am married to a man and he is having sex with another woman right in front of me, and I am hurt and angry, but I still love him. (178 words)
#2388 (1993-02-16)

I am in a small, square house and I look out the window to the right and see a small indent in the dirt and realize an eruption is beginning. I watch as I see water squirt up, and then hot steam and lots of water like a geyser. I watch as the hillside, which is completely barren, just dirt, is awash with water. Then I realize this could be dangerous. I still don't move, until it is absolutely obvious; I slide on the water out of the house and down a big hill. I step over books, and land in another small house that is completely surrounded by water, the great flood. The entire world is flooded except my little spot. The water finally recedes and I see some men coming toward me and I must protect myself. I have a whip and I am very good with it. I lash out at them and drive them away, except there are a lot of them and they keep threatening me. One sends a long-horned cow at me. I am about to be impaled on a fence and I reach out and grab the cows horns with one hand and force it to stop. I hold it there and insist it let me ride it. It sort of rolls its eyes at me as if to say, "My God, not that! How embarrassing." But I get on its back and ride away on it. (244 words)
#2389 (1993-02-17)

I am pregnant and going into the hospital to have the baby. The dream sort of keeps repeating itself and I repeat going into the room and having a big belly. It seems to take forever and I get bored and tired of the repetition. It doesn't seem to end. (50 words)
#2390 (1993-02-17)

I play the violin. I have two of them. One of my violins was the old one that I used when I was in the 4th grade. It used to be my mother's. The other violin is a serviceable one that I use. I play fairly well. I hope my fingers can manage the notes so I won't embarrass myself. Jock is around. He has unpacked a huge bass fiddle. I wonder how we'll fit it in the car. I put the violins on the back seat, without their cases. I hope they don't slide around and get broken. A man comes up to me. He is interested in me. He is married and has children and doesn't seem to want to divorce them, and at the same time he wants to have an affair with me. He is a bit plump and bearded. He reminds me of Pat Brown. He hugs me and kisses me. I let him without really feeling reciprocal feelings. I tell him that I don't want to have a sexual affair with him as he is married. I am also not that interested in him. (190 words)
#2391 (1993-02-18)

I am in a large room, sort of like a gym with furniture. Merle and I are exercising. I am standing and doing stretches. One leg up and then the other and stretching every part of me. It felt wonderful. I tease Merle and tickle him on his round tummy. Now we are moving furniture, a yellow couch. Ginny helps. I pin some yellow sheets of paper up on a side wall of a stage area that is not accessible to wheelchairs. I walk, so it's no problem for me. Someone takes them down and I say, "Hey, put them back! I put them there so people can write on them. I am expecting lots of school kids to come." He says, "But it seems there are better places for this." I say, "I looked. This is the best place." Then I look around again and realize that the main gym wall is accessible and all I would have to do is move the kid's pictures displayed there up here on the side stage wall and use that space. I go to the man and say, "You were right. There is a better place." I go down to do that. I see a huge map of the world on the wall, and later I see it's gone. Now the kids are arriving. I see someone has taken something of mine and I complain, but what shall I do about the pain? I look and I see two Alka Seltzer pills and a small pill. I tell Ginny that these are mine, for the pain. Ginny is busting two kid girls for having drugs. She is lecturing them. [BL] (277 words)
#2395 (1993-02-22)

I enter a store, on the second level. I pass through a gauntlet of disability activists picketing the store. I pass through them and notice a balcony rail and go to look over and down at the main floor. It is teeming with people. I've never seen such a crowd. I ask someone what's happening. They say it's a sale. I say, "It must be one heck of a sale to get people to push and shove and force their way in." They say, "It is." I think, "I'd never get myself in there, so why even try?" Then I realize the sale is happening on this floor too. Maybe I'll find something here, where it's not so crowded. I find a yarn department and see the prices are really good. A knitting needle that costs $1.25 is a $1 off. I think of stocking up. I look for rug yarn kits, for hooked rugs, or needlepoint kits. There's not much left. I wonder if I could get a freezer, if they are on this floor. (176 words)
#2396 (1993-02-23)

A woman is slowly taking over my life and I am not really aware of this. She is outside making friends with my neighbors, and I am in the house, just hanging out. I start noticing she is moving in on my life and am annoyed but lethargic. Then I see her with my memory scrapbook and she is looking at it like it's hers. She decides to burn it. She puts it on a fire outside and I struggle to get up and go there to put out the fire. Now I'm angry at her and have finally made a move to defend my stuff (my life). I try to put out the fire and pull the scrapbook out of the flames. It is smoldering, but most of it is still intact. Now the woman is diabolical, crazed and taking over huge chunks of my life. I don't know if I can stop her, because I waited so long. I let her do it until there was hardly anything left I could own or control. I am back in the house, still fighting a lethargic mood. She's got nearly everything now and I see she's about to leave me in the house, alone with a crazed, evil man. I finally fight. "No," I say, "not that." I rush to the door to try and get out. (227 words)
#2397 (1993-02-23)

A nice man, large, like my cousin Lenny, is the president of a political club. He invites me to come to the meeting. He's explaining the facts to me. There are two women and two men who are going to vote on this issue. They are against the nice man's ideas. As we are discussing the ideas, and the man is writing on a blackboard, he makes some reference to Arkansas. The woman says, "I wish people wouldn't do that. I'm an Arkan, and I'm not stupid." She has long, braided hair and a long dress, sort of pioneer woman/hippie style. The two men are trying to convince everyone about their side of the issue. I suddenly say, "Let's vote now." The man agrees and we surprisingly win. Only the two men vote against us. Well, that was easy! So the man invites me into the next room for the dinner he had prepared as refreshments for the group. I say, "Maybe I'll take a look," but most stuff has sugar in it. I see eggs, fried, corn meal breads, biscuits, and so on. I compliment the man on his cooking skills. He is pleased. A woman on my right says something about marriage. I say I was already married once. I go sit down and my mother is there. She says, "This reminds me of when I was young and I inherited $1400. My father says, "You mean in stained glass." She says, "No, in money." (247 words)
#2398 (1993-02-24)

Nate is there and he's aware that I won't have a relationship with him when he is still drunk. Lucy and I are doing a play together and we are talking about the difficult parts. I say to someone, "Yes, there are some sexy parts, and the action parts we'll just tell. I'll tell the stage directions." Rochelle is there in a small car scooter-like wheelchair. Her hair is very pretty, groomed nicely. (73 words)
#2401 (1993-03-01)

I see my little boy baby, he's maybe a 1 and a half years old. He's been playing with some people. He comes over to me and crawls into my arms. I hold him and hug him. My daughter Paulina is there also, and she is a young girl. It feels good to have them there with me. He needs lots of attention and loving. Then I am in a passenger side of a car and Paulina and her husband Lance are in the back. We're going to the coast for a vacation. Suddenly Lance is washing my hair. I am startled and say, "You'll get my clothes wet." Then I remember I had forgotten to pack my clothes and pills. I was so busy attending to the children I forgot to pack for myself. I am a bit embarrassed. I don't want Lance and Paulina to be embarrassed and concerned that they will be traveling with a person in a suit of sweats that are wet from the hair washing. I get the feeling that Lance washed my hair to sort of force me gently into changing my sloppy attire so they won't be embarrassed by my appearance. I assure them I can stop off at a store and buy a couple of outfits. "We can go to Goodwill," I say, thinking of saving money. I remember I can go to a pharmacist and get a few pills to tide me over. (243 words)
#2402 (1993-03-02)

I go to a doctor and I step on a scale. It hums and whirs and is not laying flat on the floor and I wonder if that will make a false reading of my weight. I weigh 151 pounds. This is too much and I know I must lose weight. Ellie is around with a husband like Lance. I try different foods they have prepared. I discover they aren't as bad as I thought. (75 words)
#2403 (1993-03-03)

I am in a basement and there are two men around and somehow they are letting in this plant which if it touches me will envelope me and I will die. It comes for me. I back away, perhaps screaming and saying, "NO NO NO." It wraps around me and is sucking me dry. I wake up in terror and don't want to go back to sleep. (67 words)
#2407 (1993-03-05)

I have two students and I tell them to get ready for the party. I go to my bedroom and go to my closet to choose a very sexy dress, because I intend to seduce the male student. I open the right side door and see many fancy dresses, prom dresses, nice looking suits etc. I choose a two-piece suit with a very low cut blouse. I put it on and it is very tight and forces my boobs up. I feel fully packed and firm. White suit, red blouse. I go out to the living room. I have a sort of wimpy, but nice, husband. I go to the front door to greet the guests. They are all high-powered lawyer type men. They come in. I flirt strongly with one of them. An older man doesn't think I'm a good wife. He comments. I walk purposefully across the room, grab him by his suit lapels and stick my face in his. I say very firmly, if not menacingly, "I have a Ph.D., I have an IQ of ___ (very high), I'm a damn good lawyer and so why shouldn't I be what I am. My husband understands this and gets out of my way" (meaning it is a good balanced relationship). Even so, I still deliberately go after this other man with the intent of having sex with him. We dive into a swim pool, fully dressed in our party clothes. He and I are in a far corner talking and he starts to get pushy and rough. I realize I'm in "over my head" and have made a wrong decision. My husband is truly a nice man and why am I messing with this other guy? I swim away from him to return to my husband. (298 words)
#2409 (1993-03-07)

Ellie and I are using someone's apartment to receive important mail, but without their permission. Ellie hired a taxi driver to park and wait for us, then she put on a fake gray beard, a long one, and went up to get the mail (like Social Security checks or something). She comes out and she pays the taxi driver who held the parking spot for her. The next time, we go up together. We are in the apartment when unexpectedly the family returns. We are embarrassed and worried and try to leave as quickly as we can. They don't seem to care or notice anything is unusual about strangers being in their apartment. We leave quickly before they figure it out. I go to an elevator, and Ellie says they are only displays. They don't really work. They are like snack vending machines. Now we have to go down the stairs and there are 66 flights of stairs. We start going down. It's a long and difficult walk. (168 words)
#2410 (1993-03-07)

I am standing on the stage and playing a trumpet. I have an unusual style of playing the low notes that makes my playing unique. It just happens to be the way I can play, but people love it. I play a song called Love is a ____, some sort of sad thing, as an encore. I love the sounds of the warm applause and bask in it, knowing it's a form of love and there is no one for me after the show, but somehow that's OK. There is a talk with audience members after the show in the downstairs Studio One room. (104 words)
#2413 (1993-03-13)

Lucy Ball and Desi Arnez are very, very old and she is wrinkled. I see a closeup of her face. She has heavy oldness makeup on. Her nose is like the gnarled, twisted juniper tree trunk in shape. Her eyes are very human and sad as they peer through the makeup. Then I see a second pair of eyes, small and close set under that sad pair. I wonder which pair is really her. The gist of the feelings is that they really still love each other and are trying to get back together. (94 words)
#2414 (1993-03-14)

Valerie is very pregnant and we are talking. I am stirring something I am cooking for the little girl. It is boiling and frothy. I decide to pour in some cold water and when I do, the level of the froth sinks and it is now just a small amount of stuff (like oatmeal) on the bottom of the pan. Valerie is now very upset with me. She says this will cause her to lose the baby. She thinks I did this to make her lose the baby, the metaphor being her belly all big and round then becoming flat and empty like the concoction in the pan. I am sad and cry; I beg her to believe me. I didn't do it to harm her baby. I was trying to make this good thing to eat and it just worked out that way. I put my hands on her arms to reassure her. She pulls away from me angrily. I cry and cry. I follow her, begging her to believe me. (172 words)
#2415 (1993-03-14)

I am in an elevator and can't seem to make the thing go where I want it to go. I push a button and we go up or down but I never seem to get to the bottom floor which is where I'm headed. The floor of the elevator is a metal plate that on one floor is securely bolted down and on another floor slides over to another part of the elevator. I get out and ask directions. I go back in and finally get it down to where I need to go. A man comes in. I ask him where the hydrodrone, no the hydro, the water therapy is. He says, "Right down the hall." I say, "Do I turn to the left?" He says yes. He walks with me. I see a young girl throwing a temper tantrum. I know she won't get what she's after because she's being so dramatic about it. Then I lay down on the floor and sob and sob. I feel very sad. He lays down to comfort me. I am in a sexy black outfit with garters and lace and am in a fetal position, butt in air. The man is obviously attracted to me and that is why he consoles me. I wonder if I won't get what I need because I'm making such an emotionally big deal of it. He assures me this is different. I really am feeling the feelings and therefore it's OK to express them. (249 words)
#2418 (1993-03-10)

I am in a room with something, a monster or something, and the door opens and some people leave and I decide to leave too. I dash for the door and it is shutting. I struggle to force it open as I squeeze through, nearly getting it shut on my leg. I am aware I am leaving the room too soon. I should stay and work it out with the monster and then the door would be easy to open, but I leave anyway. Now I walk down a long hall which is sloped down. There are very tall people at the end of the hall. I go down there. It is supposedly my bedroom. I go in, looking with interest at the paper clippings pasted on the door. I go in. There are ugly-looking girl/monsters in there. I don't like that much -- blue hair, ugly faces. I leave this room and walk down the hall. A strange old man follows me. I don't want him around. I pass a hall that branches off to the left. I say, "You go there," meaning it's more appropriate for ugly monsters to go there. I look down the hall and shudder. I'm glad I'm not going down there. I walk straight ahead to the good room. Hasani greets me. She's going to work with me, like a counselor or masseuse. I'm glad I finally got here. We go in. I lay down on a couch/bed on top of a man. He's a stranger, there for the same reason I am. (259 words)
#2419 (1993-03-18)

I am in a bedroom, kind of like Grandma Agnes'. I look at my breasts and notice I am wearing two bras, my normal one and a very strange one that makes me look like I'm wearing those armor breastplates Viking opera singers wear. It makes my sweater really stick out. I decide this looks silly and want to take it off. I have some trouble getting it off. Now I'm trying to do the clasp on my regular bra and notice it's been changed and I don't like that. I was used to how easy it clasped before. I am annoyed. Now my father is saying we should go see the old homestead (meaning the new house). The feeling is like we're wasting time playing around here, we need to get on to business. Now I am in a house high in the mountains. I look out the window and see a range of mountains, and see in the distance smog, brown, hanging over the mountains. I say, "But it's not so bad," feeling relieved. Then I look again and see clouds of red radioactive-like stuff floating past. I see one coming near me and over the house I'm in and then it passes, but that was close, and I don't like it. I notice the bottom of the cloud looks white, clean and fluffy, and the top is red and dropping bits of the grudge off into the air. (241 words)
#2420 (1993-03-25)

I am on stage, talking with a talk show hostess. I am seated in an armchair. I am parallel with the audience, rather than facing them. As I talk with the hostess, the audience warmly applauds my remarks. I am talking about disability awareness, people not seeing me for who I really am, but responding to the image of disability. As I realize the audience loves me, I turn a bit more toward them. The show is over and I stand and walk to the edge of the stage to take my bow. They are wildly cheering. I have to work hard to get around the posts and curtains to get to the edge of the stage. Even then the audience seems seated far back. There is lots of distance between them and me. I go off stage to the wings. Richard L and his younger brother are there, sort of my managers. One on each side, we walk out, talking about our next gig, and am surprised at the warm response of the audience. (175 words)
#2421 (1993-03-25)

I am walking and looking for my hotel. I look ahead and see an underpass bridge of a freeway. It is huge and cement. I suddenly remember there was an earthquake yesterday and maybe it would be dangerous to pass under this huge structure. I hesitate, afraid and not wanting to be stupid and just go, regardless of danger. I watch and see that other people are walking under it and decide it must be OK, then. I walk under it and no problem. I now can't seem to find the hotel I'm going to. I walk around, looking. It should be on this block, on the right. It is yellow. (111 words)
#2422 (1993-03-30)

I am camping out with a couple of men and their boys. The other wife didn't come, so I sit alone while the men go out hiking or something. I sit rather bored on a log or something. I lay back and notice the sky. On the left side, it is twilight and an occasional star. On the right side, is a black sky filled with stars. I wonder why that is and look back and forth at the differences. I then see on the right side that part of the difference is there are lots of cloud-like things which is the Milky Way. Now the men come back with the boys and are cutting up a big meat loaf into strips and squares to eat. I say to one of the men that I wish his wife Irene were here so I'd have someone to talk to. Then I look up in the sky again and see ducks, lots of them flying by, big adult ducks and lots of baby ducks. One duck attacks another and bites it. I realize they are very hungry. I want to feed the baby ones and get some bread and crumble it up. Some adult ducks land and eat and then a baby duck comes down and sticks to a wall. I go over to see it and notice it is a piece of cardboard folded in half and I open it to see a purple colored jewel and realize these ducks aren't born yet. This is their embryo in this jewel-like thing and they are still growing and forming. I regret having called them down and try to send them back on their way, hoping I haven't caused them any harm. [BL] (289 words)
#2427 (1993-04-01)

I am part of a three-person gang that is going to rob something. We all have guns and are walking down a huge field, like a park or football field. Lots of plain clothes cops are around. They have us surrounded (like in Dog Day afternoon movie). One follows behind me, harassing me. I turn and threaten to shoot him, yelling at him like Al Pacino did in the movie, "Don't come any closer, get away." I see men with guns drawn in front of me, backing up as I walk forward. I don't see much hope of getting through this alive. The man behind me has a rope and he tries to coil it around me and I yell at him and get away from him. I then say, "I need to use the bathroom." He suggests I use the one in the room just ahead of me. I peek in and don't see a toilet. I tell him this won't work. I leave the room. My two accomplices are off somewhere doing their part of the robbery. I then go off somewhere and put on a disguise. I am aware of how close the trigger is to being pulled. I worry I'll accidentally pull it and hurt somebody. The trigger is warped or melted in an odd shape. I see one of my accomplices and ask what I'm supposed to be doing. He says, "Get the wire cutters and cut the fence." I say, "Near the van?" He says, "Yes." I go there, realizing the disguise is working. I could just walk out of there, but they catch my two friends, so I give myself up to be with them. I feel a little sad. (287 words)
#2428 (1993-04-03)

I am in a house and the little boy is playing with lots of war toys. I decide this is not good and I go into his room and start to destroy the toys (millions of little black plastic soldiers) by stepping on them. That's too much work, so I think them all away. The little boy is upset with me. I know he'll get over it and find more wholesome toys to enjoy later. Now a neighbor lady comes by to visit. Then I go down the hall and into another room. I hear someone calling to me and I look into yet another room. A tiny fuzzy black and yellow caterpillar is talking to me. He says, "I know what I want from you." I say, "What?" He says, "Allocates and a movie." I think that's a great idea. We can give each other allocates and feel good. He says, "Look at this." I look and he causes his furry head top to bush out. I laugh, it's so cute. He does it again. This time I say, "Wait, let me feel it." I reach down and put my hand on his head and wait. He bushes out again and I laugh. It tickles and is soft. Then I go into another room, thinking it's been awhile since we've done anything special together to feel good. Then I hear him saying to another woman, "What I want from you is a good cooked meal." I feel jealous. He didn't ask that from me. Then I know this is fine because he can get what he wants from different people and each can give their best thing, and no one gets overly strained. (284 words)
#2429 (1993-04-04)

I am somewhere in a house and someone, maybe a dad, comes in and asks why aren't I already out there, maybe going swimming. And I say, "Maybe I'm afraid to go out there." I am sort of like Goldie Hawn in a weird black swim suit that has long legs like those running shorts. I say, "I can't go out in this." (63 words)
#2431 (1993-04-04)

I am talking with someone like Frank from Murphy Brown. I say with regret, "I had the shortest relationship of my life. We met thursday night and by Friday night, it was over, but at least I had some (meaning sex)." They commiserate with me. I look outside to see the other people all grouped together in two large groups. The group on the left is Palestinians, Jews and European whites. The one on the right has disabled people, people of color, etc. I say to the leader of this conference, "I want us to do a circle dance and I want to lead it," because I notice that we are still grouping with people we have some knowledge of and not opening up to people who are different. So I go out to organize it. The leader thinks it's a good idea, but doesn't particularly want me to lead it. Maybe I should just be in it, not lead it. I walk around telling people to connect with others that are very different from them. A Ted Turner kind of man comes up to me and says he prefers fat people. I think, "Yeah, that's considered different too." He goes on. Then he comes back and says, "Are you fat?" I hesitate and say, "Well, overweight, some, yeah." He decides to stay by me in the circle, which makes me a bit nervous. He might like me. I am wearing jeans and walking and look pretty fit and in good shape. (252 words)
#2432 (1993-04-06)

It is Halloween and I have lots of costumes and clothes on a rack. A man is looking at them and I go over and flirtatiously go through the clothes as I make my way toward him. He then doesn't seem too interested. A small girl and her mother see a lovely white brocade or satin two-piece suit of mine and hold it up to the girl to see if she wants to wear it for her costume. I feel a bit upset as it's my actual clothes and pretty, and then I see that when it is on the little girl, it is a costume. I then go to a coffee table and pick up some cards to show a small boy. They are Valentine cards and cute. Then as I arrange them, I sing "Oh Holy night" My voice is beautiful and I get confused with the melody of "Oh, Silent Night." I say, "Look at the beautiful stars." I look out the window like it's the M City front window and see a mass of stars with patterns. I realize I'm looking at an ornate design my mother made and put up as decoration. I try to look beyond it and see a dark, natural sky with just a few stars. (214 words)
#2433 (1993-04-06)

A woman kneels in front of me. She has a power drill and she is going to drill a hole in my belly button. I get scared it will hurt and she looks up at me like, "What a scaredy cat!" I had seen a demo and knew it didn't hurt anyone, but I still could not relax and believe it wouldn't hurt. (63 words)
#2435 (1993-04-07)

I am driving a van or VW bus and decide to park it on the side of the road. It is snowy there and I try different spots. Finally I park it in a deep snow bank and then change my mind. That was a mistake because I'd get stuck. I drive it to a less snowy area near the edge of the road. I get out and start walking. Somewhere in the dream I choose to wear black, sexy clothes with a low cut bodice to show off my pretty breasts. (92 words)
#2436 (1993-04-07)

I am mediating between a father and his teen daughter. I'm on her side. She chooses a strange outfit to wear that the father does not approve of. I ask him what his expectations are because he is expecting her to meet his expectations. I say, "What's so wrong with what she's wearing?" He is disgusted with me for not obviously seeing the consequences she will face wearing these clothes. I say, "Well, those are her consequences. She will have to face them." She also plays dumb to get us to do her homework for her. I realize the father and I have slipped into this trap. I say to her, "You will have to do your own work now. If you choose not to, then you live with it." (130 words)
#2437 (1993-04-08)

I am in an attic room and this man is coming to harm me. I must hide. There isn't any place to hide, but I see a pile of clothes and newspapers and burrow under them. I think this is pretty obvious and worry he'll find me quickly. He comes in, tall and big and scary. He looks for me. He stands right next to the clothes. I lay there motionless, hoping. Then as he turns his back, I slide even further down until I'm under the floorboards in a tiny layer between two levels of flooring, again in a tiny, confining space, a box, a coffin. He looks out the window, wondering if I had gone out on the roof and decides I wouldn't do that; too scary. He leaves to go look for me downstairs. I go out the window and up on the roof. It is scary and high. I see a neighbor and mouth to them, "Get the fire department," thinking they could rescue me. I worry they'll come too close, not understanding me, and he'll get that I'm on the roof before help arrives. (189 words)
#2441 (1993-04-09)

I am underground in a rock hallway, tunnel, and suddenly think, "Oh, what if there were an earthquake and I was here. I'd be killed." I start to feel afraid and then I resolutely think, "But there isn't, and let's just hope there won't be." I walk on. I see the stairs and the elevator and choose to walk up the stairs. It is some work, but it is OK. I get to the next floor and look in a door; I am going shopping. The door opens into a huge classroom. I peek in and think, "Well, this isn't the store," and go on down the hall to the next door and look in. The store is there, aisles and aisles of products. I go in to shop. (129 words)
#2444 (1993-04-11)

I am in a wheelchair and decide to go out the front door of this hotel. I open the door and a car is parked right by the door. I ask someone to help me and I get out of my chair and get into the passenger side of the car. The other person then takes the wheels off the chair and folds it and puts it in the car with me. I thank them, shut the door and now transfer over to the driver's side of the car and open that door. I pull out a tool and reach for the parts of the chair to reassemble it. I was using the car as a transition to get to the driveway so I can continue on. I realize I am making a lot of work for myself. There must be an easier way. I start to sew the button on a sweater, which is putting the wheels back on the chair, sort of. One side of the sweater is pink and the other side is blue (like reversible). The button is big, white and thick. This is going to take lots of time and energy. [BL] (196 words)
#2445 (1993-04-12)

A man kisses and caresses me and I pull away, experiencing the painful sense of repulsion and knowing there is a deep need underneath all that. I walk away saying, "Don't. No," hoping he doesn't tap into the deep well of sexual feeling and I will lose myself in it and will not be able to resist. (57 words)
#2447 (1993-04-12)

I enter a classroom. It's a big room and there are only a few students, all young men and a male teacher. I sit near the door and next to the teacher. He drones on. I am annoyed and bored. The men students get real ornery and mutiny. I get up to go to the bathroom. I go in and sit. Someone comes in and tries to push open the stall door. I hold it shut and yell, "Hey, hey." It's one of the men. I wonder if I went in the wrong bathroom, but I guess the men are just rambunctious and without respect. Finally I return to the classroom. A man is in my seat. I go to him and say, "I was here before." He sneers. I get angry and righteous and say, "To hell with you then." The teacher glares at me and says, "ou can't come back in here because you were a part of the men's mischievous disruptions of class." I say to him, "To hell with you. I simply left the room to go to the bathroom at the same time they all left." He said, "You were gone one hour. I say, "I had a little problem, OK??" I am belligerent, and sassy, "and furthermore, you are boring and don't know much. If you want me to stay in the dream interpretation class, you better get good." I go to the table where the men students are seated and it's away across the huge room. A paper comes down for me to sign, the roll call. The men all signed in funny markings to confuse the teacher. I sign my name "Sanders" dead center in blue ink, trying to be legitimate. (289 words)
#2460 (1993-04-25)

I watch as Uncle Lionel tries to say goodbye to us as we are getting ready to leave. He wants to share his feelings, but is speechless, as it's not natural for him to do this. I feel empathy and go up to him and hug him. He seems very, very tall, like I was a child. I hug him and say, "I know you are afraid and you want to be well and you want me to be well," (and a third person, perhaps Dwight). I take a cough syrup-like medication. I feel very emotionally connected to Lionel. (99 words)
#2461 (1993-04-25)

Merle calls and says that he's scared and asks if I will be home on Sunday. He asks me not to go anywhere because if he gets overwhelmed and scared about his new job, then he can call me. I say, "OK, but I might be at a meeting where you are." He says, "Are you sure?" I say, "I'll call Gather and find out for sure." I call and a man answers and I ask, "Am I going to be at the meeting?" He says, "I'll check." I say, "Check now because I'm long distance." He asks, "Where?" I say, "Wilsonville." He asks, "Where's that?" I say, "Way down the river from there." "There" is New N City, on the river. Now I'm traveling there and riding a horse and the baby burros are frisking behind. It's a good thing I can't look behind and see them or I'd feel afraid. I'm not afraid if I don't look. (159 words)
#2462 (1993-04-26)

I am in a 1955 kind of car and it gets stuck in a deep mud hole. One of my friends named William gets out of the trunk and helps us get out of the hole. We were headed for escape from some bad guys and the bad guys had directed us to this road. So we decide to back up and take another route. We go cross country, like hilly scrub brush country, and come to the top of a ridge and have to drive down switchback trails to get to the valley floor. I disguise myself as a Mexican young man so the bad guys can't trail us as easily. I hang out with the men, but they start to wonder why I don't go after the ladies. Am I gay? So I make a date with a pretty young lady and put my arm around her and we go away together, but then I tell her the truth that I am a woman and ask her to keep the secret. She does. Later, the car is now a hearse, or at least it used to be. William hangs out in the back section. (196 words)
#2463 (1993-04-26)

I keep wondering what I can make to sell at the Saturday Market, that would make money. Then I wonder why I want to do that. Do I enjoy hanging out all day selling stuff? I don't. A man is snide and says he sells anything the public will buy, a child or sexual abuse stuff? He doesn't care, as long as it sells. I turn my back on him in contempt. He or somebody is sweeping up snow or hail from the floor. [BL] (84 words)
#2464 (1993-04-28)

I hear or read a story about a group of adventurous women writers who lived in Alaska in the 1800's. One man and four women writers had dog sledded to a conference and were returning on the big ice pack, but the narration says that sometimes the ice pack breaks up in the big thaw and creates dangerous situations and people can slip right in and drown or disappear. I see them sledding and see cracks in the ice, and then I see that they are right on the big crack and some of the sleds are slipping into the water and they are struggling to get back on the ice. They are colorfully dressed, spritely and sweet, lively. One is named Love something, maybe melody or maybe day. I write down what I can of the incident. (138 words)
#2466 (1993-04-28)

A Murphy Brown sequence where Miles is surprised for his birthday and rain in the form of silver sprinkles is poured on him. He is confused and upset until we yell happy B'day. A large and ugly man comes in. Another woman and myself go, "Oh no!! Let's dance," and grab each other and dance a silly swooping dance to avoid having to dance with him. Later I sit on a couch with my father and bend the floppy disks. The ugly man is seated nearby and I try to avoid him. Later the woman says she has to leave and the guy follows and I insist another man goes to look out for her. Later I am in a car which now looks like a crib with a man and a woman and me in it. I get out and it is a balancing act for them to readjust their positions so they don't tip over. Later, I see a carnival like thing on the side of the road and see "Queen Elizabeth" being hawked as a novelty sight. I start to go over and see her but a woman says, "She's not real, you know. That's not really Queen Elizabeth." I say, "I know," and go on over. I get up close and see an ugly, dark-haired woman, the maid, and she sees that I know her, and flinches. I say, "It's all right. I'll pretend you are Queen Elizabeth so you won't get in trouble." (248 words)
#2467 (1993-04-29)

Dovre and I are looking at a beautiful scene, a wedding scene in Malaysia. I lie down on a cushion and slide on it to the edge, because I don't feel comfortable standing up and walking down the stairs. There are no railings and I could lose my balance. I am intrigued with the man being married to this woman. I watch him. He then goes into outer space and I stow away to be near him, me and my small daughter. We are drawn closer and closer, in love with each other, but he is married. Finally, we sent the baby out in a little container to practice space travel and knowing when you are right side up, and we couple, like two ink pens together. He says, "This is as undressed as you can get in outer space." It feels good and I have a hard time reaching his face to kiss him. Now we are going back and I feel sad because I will be found out and he'll go back to his wife. (177 words)
#2468 (1993-04-29)

Now we are coming to earth and I realize I've made a wrong decision. He has gone back to his drugs and he's a teen boy now and hangs out in another space capsule, being irresponsible and taking his drugs. I go out to confront him. Dovre is wiped out on drugs also. They blame each other and I see Dovre is holding her baby and the baby is distressed. I forcibly take the baby from her and leave them to their misery; they will have to choose to come out of it themselves and I dedicate myself to caring for the baby. She now sleeps cozily on my shoulder. Another woman (my mother?) has another baby she is carrying for. I realize this is what I need to do. I need to go back and care for the baby and do it right this time, giving freely of my time and energy to protect the baby. (157 words)
#2470 (1993-04-30)

I am in my "apartment" and trying to do my breakfast. Millie has been cleaning and has moved things. I see my toaster is clear across the room and the bananas and bread are in a drawer, organized nicely, but I'd have to walk to get it. I see an old Xmas tree and decorations. I know it's four months past Xmas and past time to take down the tree. I say, "I think you should," then I notice she already has cleaned that up. I say, "I really appreciate you helping but you've got to leave things the way I had them so I can independently use the place." She says, "But I'm here to help you. You have so much space here that isn't being used, just going to waste, with all your things crowded up together like that." I am annoyed she doesn't understand that she won't always be there when I need her, and I like to have it ready so I can do things myself so I won't get left abandoned and helpless. (178 words)
#2471 (1993-05-01)

I am in a room and have over $200 in cash and a woman says, "Oh, that's dangerous, to have cash around, someone could rob you." I am annoyed at her, because I'd have cash and no one cares and I wasn't robbed. A train comes very fast to the station. I stand near the tracks waiting. I kiss the track quickly like I'm sending a kiss to the man I like who works on the railroad. I am then embarrassed if he should see me. I see an arm waving from a place on down the train. A car suddenly rushes very fast past me, getting out of the way of the train. (114 words)
#2473 (1993-05-02)

I am running a rehearsal of a dance piece I wrote. I waited too long to get it organized and I'm given a bad date, after school is out and people won't be around as much. I realize it's my own fault. I call the dancers together and they are unmotivated, confused, late and wandering around. I am yelling like a director or master sergeant, coercing and cajoling and demanding and complimenting. We have too many props and too many dancers. It is crowded and confusing. The curtains are closed and out in the audience area are several men, important, listening into what I do with this mess. I am doing well, getting things cleaned out and motivated. (118 words)
#2474 (1993-05-02)

I am standing in a group of people all entangled together in a sort of circle. We are singing a song and entwining our arms and holding hands. It is awkward. I have something in my hand and yet managed to keep connected. After we are done, Marilyn steps over and says we could do some choir work. I nod, but my attention is on this bunch of food I need to take, care of slabs of meat in packages. I need to get them frozen and put away and decide to put a refridge in the area we're at, rather than drag it all home. I want to make a lunch. I go home and it's a mess there -- food all over, dirty dishes. Marilyn starts cleaning and I say with relief, "Ah, you've started back to work." I pay her to clean up, but it's been a while. There's lots to do. She is energetic and efficient. I am glad. There's something about traveling, maybe on a bus. (171 words)
#2476 (1993-05-04)

I am doing an absurd skit with Justin. We run about the garden looking at trees and making jokes. He says we must only look for the A tree and the B tree. I run around in an English way with an English accent and say, "Oh where could the 'A' tree be? Oh, here it is." He follows me around closely, trying to be the tree. I ignore him. "Oh, where is the 'B' tree? Here? No, here? No, ooh here it is, no, that's a bee, an insect, not a tree. Then here? Now here's an interesting tree! Look over there, it has a very interesting root structure, if we only could see it. We lay down on the ground and he picks up the bottom of the raised root structure (like mangrove trees) and I snicker and say, "Oh I must be wrong," but if it were the right tree, then it would be all raised and interesting. We are laying there next to each other, teasing. A man opens the door and stares down at us. Finally we get up and he glares and says, "Are you going to do this again?" We humbly say no, trying not to laugh. "Good," he says dourly and slams the door. We giggle and Justin says, "Where is a kissing tree?" I laugh and go to him and put my arms around him and kiss him saying, Here. I found one, a kissing tree." [BL] (245 words)
#2477 (1993-05-05)

I live in this house with lots of rooms. I don't use most of them. I want a puppy and get one, but I want it to be smaller and cuter. Now there are many tiny kittens and a puppy. I pick some up and hug them and carry them around with me. I remember a back living room and my old TV is in there and I wonder why I never go use that room. I see connecting doors between rooms and remember this house is on the state line. Cars line up. One is going to drive through the connecting rooms and gets stuck or stopped and the next car screeches to a halt, nearly crashing, and the next and so on. There is a chain reaction pile up. Luckily no one really crashes. I am impressed. I go in to see what's the problem. These people are coming to buy the booze I can legally make on one side of the house and sell to the folks on the other side where it's illegal to make it. I go back into the living room, wanting to use the rooms more. I see an old file cabinet and look. The previous owners, old ladies, had their files in there. One of these days I need to clean it out. I look in. There are some empty files, in Braille, and lots of old papers. I pick up an Xmas card from a pile of letters and cards. It's from Pete and B and some other people. They look like the ones I have in my cards and letter box. (271 words)
#2479 (1993-05-06)

I hold a tiny boy baby and ask how old he is. He says 11 months. I am amazed because he is so small, like a toy doll, skinny. There are three of them. I like them. I think they are "cousins" or babies of cousins. My mother and Aunt Millie are in a bed and talking and I try to overhear. My mother says, "So that's how you tell? You smell them?" Millie talks. I think, "Aha, someone is having an affair, maybe my father." I want to listen in and get all the info. I am interrupted by people talking, and new arrivals to the reunion party we are at. I suck on a cannelloni noodle until the meat filling is all gone. Somehow, that was one of the babies. (132 words)
#2480 (1993-05-06)

I visit the C. dept at a meeting and don't see many people I know. I sit on a couch next to a black man who has a stop watch. He puts it on my lap and says, "Is that OK?" I say ok. Then it stops. He picks it up and restarts it. It stops again. He lays it aside. I get up and walk around. There are large appliances I crawl around on like I was kid size and they were adult size. The black man and I are teasing each other, playing like kids. He turns on a switch and a sound like a blender whirs. It gets annoying and I climb down from the top of the refridge and get footing on the toilet cover and go over and turn off the switch. The black man lays on the floor laughing. Then I hear a buzzing sound and finally figure out it is a telephone thing and pick it up, the black receiver, and I hear a male voice, like my father's. He says something and says, "Tell Willis to come to the V's, you know, like our way. And tell LoKey Junior." I write his name down, not knowing who that is. (207 words)
#2484 (1993-05-11)

Lionel is varnishing the floor. I am talking to them. I say my mother had a small stroke, and then I realize so had Aunt Elaine and she is right there. I then complain about how hard it is to be back at work, even though it is only half time. I am surprised I have a job again. I thought I was retired. There are bubbles in the varnish, on the floor. (73 words)
#2485 (1993-05-12)

I am with Jock and we are going to visit a writer at his house. Jock goes on ahead in a car and I lose him immediately. I stand on a grassy area where the road goes both left and right and I wonder which way Jock went. Someone says, "There he is." I look to the left and see his car parked at a house by the sea. I follow along and go there. Now I'm being given a tour of the house. Robin, the scriptwriter teacher, lives there with his wife. There are beautiful curtains that can be pulled down in six lovely different designs. A big window is present to see the lovely view. The ocean is off in the distance to the right, so when you want, you can go sit at the window and look at it. There is a kind of wooden tree fence which has spaces between each tree so you can still see the ocean, but it is not a totally open view. This seems a good thing. I admire this house saying, "If I had a house, this would be it." Jock tries to show me the different designs the curtains make. There is gray and pink wallpaper, but I wouldn't have chosen the swans on it. I love the colors, though. (221 words)
#2486 (1993-05-12)

I am in the living room and Dovre is out on the porch talking with some people who are demonstrating a car seat and how it folds up and so on. I come out and watch. I ask her what she's doing and she says she wants to buy some seat belts and they have some, but she did it wrong. They came to her and said, "This is how much I want." I say to her, "You could then say to them, 'This is how much I'm willing to pay,' and see if they will dicker." She likes this idea and goes to them to dicker. I walk back into the house very aware that I would be embarrassed to dicker and leave it cravenly to her. I see the little baby girl and go pick her up and discover she has on some of my jewelry. I tell her it is not OK to take things that belong to other people, and begin to remove the many rings and necklaces off her chubby fingers and neck. She resists. I explain how we must ask permission first. She doesn't care; she just wants the jewelry. I tell her if she comes back in and takes my jewelry, then I will take it back, take her to her room and lock it and then take some of her things away. I feel mean. She is incorrigible. I keep removing more jewelry, black beaded necklaces. I find an ugly plastic lime bracelet. She says, "At least let me keep that one, it has my name on it (Fred)." I say, "This is Dovre's; we will ask her permission and if she says yes, you can keep it." (286 words)
#2490 (1993-05-25)

I am captured by a bad guy who is going to have sex with me and then kill me. He and his henchmen get us (four of us). I try to run. He has guns. He is chasing. We are wondering where the nearest safe place is. Then I see Josh. I tell him we need a place to hide and he says, "You can hide in here." We start to hide when we see him drive up. He'll see us. We hide in a closet. The man comes in with a rifle and is looking around. Now I feel bad for Josh who is in danger because of us. He is diverting them to the outside when the woman driver who we escaped from enters with a gun. Josh says, "That's my wife." Uh oh! Dilemma. Where are his loyalties? He acquiesces and stops helping us. I see Josh and look at him, wondering if he'd still help us. The feeling is he would if he could. [NOTE: ALL FEMALE CHARACTERS (AND ASSOCIATED NARRATIVE) WERE DELETED FROM THIS DREAM REPORT.] [FORMERLY #2491 (170 words)
#2491 (1993-05-26)

Paul and I were lovers many years ago. I see him surrounded by his adoring fans. He looks up and says, "Who is that?" I say, "B." He doesn't recognize the name, so I say Lydia (I think) which was my name when I was younger. He realizes it's me and comes out of the group to meet me. We meet and embrace. It is very tender. We obviously still love each other. He is pregnant and old and soft. I lovingly put my hands on his belly to feel the full belly with child. Then I gently touch his face. We walk together in an embrace, kissing very tenderly now and then. I ask how he is. He says, "Married, did you think I'd just wait after you left me?" I wonder how I ever managed to leave Paul Newman. He has children in his marriage. He says, "It's my door; I want it shut." He knocks over some kitchen metal things that were propping the door open and it shuts. She comes out. She is pretending to be mad at him, but she is only affectionately scolding him. I pick it up and say, "I'll do your toenails." Paul says, "Mine?" He's quite content for me to do that. I say, "No, Tia's, your daughter's, if she'll let me, so there, Mr. who-loves-pink-and-gray" (or who looks good in pink and gray). Now I have a picture of the weeping willow Paul and I kissed under. I look at it sadly with loving regret. Paul sees this and sighs, looking at me with love. We both love each other so much, but it won't work because he is married and has a family. [NOTE: ALL FEMALE CHARACTERS (AND ASSOCIATED NARRATIVE) WERE DELETED FROM THIS DREAM REPORT.] (284 words)
#2492 (1993-05-26)

I am a man who works too much, very responsible. A younger man is trying to convince me to hang out with him and have a bit of fun. I am sort of a policeman detective type person and am on a case. Just as the tiger lunges for me, I fire the shotgun in his mouth and he dies right next to me. The policeman comes and gives details of the case to his superior officer. Now I am he and wheeling down the sidewalk. The young man invites me to come to his commencement party. I say, "I can't, I have work to do." Then I say, "Oh, what the hell, why not?" and start to cross the street, against the light. I look to see if cars are coming; they aren't and I go. I see a dark sky to my left and ahead, a huge rainstorm. As I get to the other side of the street, the rains start. I hope I have my poncho to put on. [NOTE: ALL FEMALE CHARACTERS (AND ASSOCIATED NARRATIVE) WERE DELETED FROM THIS DREAM REPORT.] (172 words)
#2493 (1993-05-27)

I am newly married to a blind man like Patrick of Dover. I look through the crowd of people and see Patrick, annoyed with me, getting someone to help him go put my chair under the awning. He walks up to me and hugs me gently and says in a lecturing tone, "Now dear, you left your chair out in the rain. It could have been ruined." I grit my teeth and say thinly, "Thank you." We hug but I am distant and angry. He feels that. He says, "What's wrong?" I say, "What's wrong? I don't have to do what you tell me. I don't like that tone you take like you are my owner now that we are married. This isn't working out." I site another incident where he gently, tyrannically insists I do what he wants me to do. I resent that tone and don't want to knuckle under. Meanwhile the torrential rains pour down outside. [NOTE: ALL FEMALE CHARACTERS (AND ASSOCIATED NARRATIVE) WERE DELETED FROM THIS DREAM REPORT.] (159 words)
#2494 (1993-05-27)

A neighbor man lets me lean on him and helps me into the house. Ellie informs me that my ex-husband has come through and sold the house. I am furious because if they had told me this before the meeting, I wouldn't have had to go through all this. I say, "I'll just wake him up and tell him off." The girls defend him and tell me not to bother him. I am mad that they take better care of him than they do me. I just know the husband is going to try and get away with the money from the sale of the house and bilk me of my share. [NOTE: ALL FEMALE CHARACTERS (AND ASSOCIATED NARRATIVE) WERE DELETED FROM THIS DREAM REPORT.] (112 words)
#2495 (1993-05-28)

I am handed a small baby boy to take care of for a while. I try to bathe him and have lots of trouble. There are two men there. One sleeps on the right side of the couch bed thing I am using to bath the baby. The other is trying to help me by getting the water and so on. I finally get him shampooed on his head and then I see I didn't rinse off the shampoo. I hold his head under a faucet spray thing and get it cleaned off, get a blue crocheted thing on him for a diaper and only get one side pinned and then I see he's had a bowel movement. I decide not to clean him up again because it is such hard work and someone on the next shift can do it better. Now I hand him over to another woman and we are packing his things. She puts him on the arm of Uncle Lionel who sits on another couch and says he likes to be touched. So Uncle Lionel lets him lean on him. I sit on the couch at the other end, and as the baby leans back, I put my legs up on the couch to create a fence to hold him. Uncle puts his leg up also and we keep him safe. I say, "This baby sure has grown since this morning," aware that is pretty fast growth. [NOTE: ALL FEMALE CHARACTERS (AND ASSOCIATED NARRATIVE) WERE DELETED FROM THIS DREAM REPORT.] (242 words)
#2496 (1993-05-31)

I go into the bathroom to get ready for my date with Bob H. He'd written that he's coming and would like to see me. He's in the living room with his teen children, a boy and a girl. I try to get into the bathroom to do my hair, but the rock stars are all over and getting their makeup off. Bob thinks I look nice, but I don't think so. [NOTE: ALL FEMALE CHARACTERS (AND ASSOCIATED NARRATIVE) WERE DELETED FROM THIS DREAM REPORT.] (72 words)
#2498 (1993-05-31)

I take the part of "Tommy" in a play. In makeup no one knows I'm a woman. I do it so well. Ethan gets suspicious and follows me. He discovers it is me and says, "We must talk." He walks me to a room with a big bed and a couch. He sits on the bed and I sit on the couch. He just won't give me any good feedback, no compliments. He's upset I tricked them. Now he and I are seated side by side in an invisible vehicle and he's driving backwards along the coastline. I look back over my shoulder, apprehensive he'll drive us into the ocean. He parks in the grasses where we can see cars drive like they are going to hit us and then they go past. A cop goes by. He says, "Hope he doesn't catch us. I kind of do this a lot." I say, "How often?" He says "Oh, 10, 11 times a day." I say, "OH! Obsessive! The cop doesn't approve." Ethan puts his arm around me. [NOTE: ALL FEMALE CHARACTERS (AND ASSOCIATED NARRATIVE) WERE DELETED FROM THIS DREAM REPORT.] (177 words)
#2499 (1993-06-04)

We are invaded by a group of powerful men who belong to the NEW America group, like the communists or something. They are like brainwashing people like a religion does. I fight it. A woman says things and the male leader says, "I am bored." She is hurt, "You mean to say I am boring?" Another man says conciliatorily, "Is it that you are not enthusiastic or interested right now?" (70 words)
#2500 (1993-06-07)

It's 2:00 in the morning and I am preparing to go to a rally for feminists' rights. I am going to pick up my parents and family and we'll catch a bus to the building, but I'm no sure which building, so I'm asking around. Then I decide to go without the family. (53 words)
#2501 (1993-06-07)

Now a man that I am waiting for shows up. We are going to work on the project together. I take photo or something and he edits, I guess. Anyway, the woman comes over and starts to set up a deal with him, and I watch as she says things like, "A contract? We won't need one." He waffles and hems, wanting the protection of his material, but trying to trust her. I realize he's a wimp and would sell himself and then me down the river; no guts. I unplug my machine from his and say to the woman, "My stuff is not connected with his, so you can't get mine," which is what she was finagling for. The man is upset that I won't work with him and I feel very good at having beaten out this selfish, arrogant woman. (142 words)
#2503 (1993-06-08)

I am sort of a stepmother to this man's children and they are horribly mean. They overpower me and tie me up and knock me out and drag me down a trail toward the mountains. They are running away and taking me with them. I wake up and pretend to be unconscious until I get my bearings. I am dragged like I was on a travois, my arms trussed up and my head bouncing against the nearly grown son's butt. I try to escape, now tied to a horse. I run and run. The feeling is I won't escape long. They are evil children. (104 words)
#2504 (1993-06-08)

They belong to the bad guy. The male robot man is there and Ellie says he should be allowed to listen to baseball games. He loves them. The bad guy says, "Well, why not?" He puts his arm around him and says, "Is that what you want?" The robot doesn't respond but Ellie insists that is what he wants. Another bad guy robot says he can't hear them, so let him read about it. Ellie insists he can hear them. She says he's audio. (NLP) I grab him and lay him down, with my legs wrapped around him in a wrestler hold and I say things and watch his eye patterns. "Yes, he is audio," I confirm. The woman robot says she wants to be pregnant. The bad guy agrees. The second bad guy robot says, "How can you do this?" The bad guy says, "It's OK, it's just hypnotist stuff." They do it and then I have them back. The robot bad guy says, "Then I have a favor to ask of you. Will you put this package in MY car? (he owns it but because he's a robot the other guy uses it) and put a nice saying with it." I put my arm around his shoulder and hug him teasingly, "You mean something sentimental and nice?" I ask. "Like "1-2-3-4, beat it, beat it." It's a joke and I laugh. [BL] (233 words)
#2505 (1993-06-09)

I am fixing things inside and outside of the house. I have help, from Uncle Lionel and other men and maybe some women. I run from the outside to the inside and back, telling them what I want. I have to tell them where I want them to start clipping the hedge; they are starting at the wrong end. And then inside I have to tell them what kind of shelves and where I want them. It feels like they aren't very helpful. They argue with me and don't think ahead. I scurry back and forth, frustrated. (97 words)
#2507 (1993-06-11)

Charla drives a little car/boat up out of the water and onto the cement stairs on land. She was going so fast she couldn't stop. Now I'm seated on a toilet seat and peeing and no matter how hard I try to not let it leak out and get on the floor it goes down my leg and all over the floor. My father and my mother and an Aunt are in the tiny bathroom with me and my father is trying to fix the molding around the edge of the room and this yellow urine puddle is building. I am so embarrassed. I say, "I'm sorry. No matter how hard I try to keep it in the toilet, it leaks out." They help clean it up and try to make light of it. "I'm not even sitting on my raised toilet seat," I say, "and there is no reason why this is coming out." I guess I waited too long before I went and had too much to release. It was an unstoppable flow. (175 words)
#2508 (1993-06-12)

Howard and I are in a house. I walk to a back room I haven't been paying attention to. I see a window pane is broken and a large bush is growing in through the hole. I see that someone has tried to fix the window problem. Howard comes in and wants us to talk. I groan, laughing a bit at myself and my resistance to this connection. He is gentle and coaxes me to sit beside him. I point out the broken window and say I hadn't noticed it, but obviously someone did. I was glad they did. [BL] (99 words)
#2509 (1993-06-12)

I am in a house and become aware of a dangerous man outside who is going to come in and hurt me. I must hide. I open a cabinet and crawl in with the blankets. I have a pet dog with me. Together we hide, knowing we'll get caught anyway. We wait in fear. He comes in and stands near the door to the cabinet. He is going to rape and kill me. Then I think the dog makes a noise and he finds us. We are standing in the room and now the man is a tiny deformed midget woman. I have a baby girl who stares at her and ask why she has such short legs. I try to shush the girl as I don't want the woman to be offended and hurt us even worse. I decide to make a run for it and grab the girl and go. It's so hard, like each step is in slow motion and painfully slow and difficult. Now I must return to get the police and pass the house. I choose to take a side road to not be seen, but I'm still so close she sees me. I then think, "Why don't I just bus to town and then she won't see me?" I change this and do that. (220 words)
#2510 (1993-06-13)

I am seated around a table with some other people and I am explaining a conversational phenomenon. I am explaining like I am teaching a class, and indeed there are a small group of my peers (counselors) I am talking to. I say that it is very interesting because if you are a good observer, you can tell when the conscious mind is speaking and when it shifts to the unconscious mind. I talk about how we are influenced by both and the subtle shifts can be tracked. I talk knowledgeably and the group is very impressed with me. I feel confident. (102 words)
#2511 (1993-06-13)

Now I am at another table and am exposing the man who isn't what he says he is. Everyone is shocked to learn this. I feel bad doing this, but it is necessary. Now I go to the window and see a store and people are going in and out and then I realize it is on fire. I see some smoke in the second story. I see people still trying to go in and think that is strange they would chance going shopping in a burning building, although the fire isn't seen yet as it is still small. Then the building suddenly is gone and I am shocked. It is supposed to be there but all I see is a new street intersection. I realize I am looking at a future picture. Later I am at a table with a woman and a woman bartender talking about dreams. We are impressed with their completeness and beauty. Later out the window I see the building again. [BL] (166 words)
#2512 (1993-06-14)

I am in charge of setting the family feast table. I run from one end to the other overseeing. People bring in dish after dish of good foods. I try to organize them in some way, the main dishes here, the salads together there, a bowl of lemon slices at each end of the table. Across the table and facing me is a man watching. He is pleased with me. (70 words)
#2513 (1993-06-15)

I am feeling strong emotion and want to go to a cafe where I can sit alone and write about it, or feel it. I walk and walk. I see a cafe, but it's closed. I go to the outskirts of town and see some pancake houses. I go into one and as I am standing at the counter. I talk to a woman friend, maybe Ginny. I have decided to buy an eye thing for this mentally retarded girl so she can see out of her bad eye. It's like buying her an eyeball for part of one so she can see. I'm going to put it on my Visa. As I am doing this, Nate suddenly comes up to me from behind. I see him and I see his 12-year-old son. So we talk like strangers or acquaintances. The back of his son's head is bumpy and big and ill formed. So are his ears. My father is the man at the counter doing my Visa. He hands it back and I ask if he put it in the right (correct) pocket. He hasn't and I'm a bit annoyed. Nate's wife comes in and I try to behave normally and nonchalant. I tell him I'm buying this eye thing for this MR girl. I feel a bit self-righteous. I am then putting my things back in my purse and decide to give my paper toy train cutouts to the son. I hand him one his father has already put together for me and then I see a line of paper doll cutouts all holding hands and give them to him and then see a line of little black animals and give him that. Now I am on my way. (291 words)
#2515 (1993-06-16)

Jared invites me to sit next to him on the couch. I don't want to, but hesitate. Finally, I say, as an excuse, "The couch is too low for me to be comfortable, but I prefer to sit on the chair next to the couch. See, we'll still be sitting close together." A compromise. I go to sit on the chair and then a woman, the mother of a man in the room, says, "Did you throw up in here?" I feel sticky stuff on my pants leg on the right side and see purple gunk. I stand up. The mother follows me into the next room to assist me in cleaning up. Dora is there helping. We agree it is best to take the pants off so she can thoroughly clean them. I go into the adjoining room to sit on the bed so I can take them off. (150 words)
#2516 (1993-06-17)

I am helping a man study some bats. He's a nice man. I like him. We go down to a room where the bats are. We have to be careful. Now we are in a tiny, square room between the down room and the up room, to protect ourselves from the bats, which could attack. Now the man goes upstairs and the other people too, to have lunch. I stay and study the bats. I'd like some lunch, but they don't offer any and I don't ask. I continue working on the bats. (93 words)
#2517 (1993-06-17)

I am at a table-like thing; cousin Sebastian and others are there. I am eating my toast and then I want the toast left over on the other end of the table. I can't seem to fill myself up. I lick the jelly off a yellow plastic thing and then get a bit queasy when I realize the paint is in with the jelly. I need to pee, so I go to the women's room. There are two tiny potty chairs, already being used. I go stand up over a toilet no one is supposed to use and pull the shower curtain closed around it. I pee. Delores M comes in. We chat. [BL] (113 words)
#2518 (1993-06-18)

I am flying my own little plane, a two engine something and I notice I am low down like the scene might be seen from a car. It is too low, so I decide to pull it up to 5000 feet, above anything I could hit, like wires or low mountains. I have a hard time getting it up there and feel a bit afraid of heights, but I see the view is breathtaking. I am headed toward M City. Now my parents are calling me on the radio. I have a hard time hearing them and they have to repeat things. They say they have some things they need too talk over with me and can I come over. I say, "OK, I'll do that now; over and out." I call to the airport for landing instructions. The name of my plane is the BabyJo, and some numbers. They tell me what altitude and what direction. I fly over a low hill that is sort of an open air museum of ancient Aztec-like round calendars stones with hieroglyphics on them. I think I'd like to go down there and look sometime. I see one of the smaller stones and think, "Now that one REALLY is ours. The others are probably loaned out to us by the big museum system, and belong to everybody." I find the airport, a circle on the plains, with a runway. I come down OK. The men who work at the airport really want to meet me. I have some reputation they admire. (258 words)
#2519 (1993-06-18)

I am working a script and Ernie is there. I think I'm at his house. Ricardo and Rigo are there too. Now I want to go out, perhaps to a rehearsal. I borrow Ernie's car. Ricardo has the keys. I run out to get them from him before he leaves. The key is shaped like a tiny miniature loaf of bread. I have trouble getting the key turned in the ignition. Then I am backing up and nearly hit a car behind me. The car doesn't stop very well and I must really press hard and long on the brakes, but still I slide and keep moving slowly. Ernie is outside looking around the rear bumper saying, "Be careful, you nearly hit that car." I am annoyed because I knew what I was doing and didn't hit it. I am also feeling some relief that I had managed to not hit the car, as it's almost out of my control. I drive forward, slipping and sliding, and look carefully to see if cars are coming. Ernie is concerned that I'll screw up. (182 words)
#2521 (1993-06-20)

I live in an apartment at the top of the stairs. Apparently they are giving a tour of the building because people are coming in. I don't want them in and I run to the side door and slam it shut and lock it and go to the living room and shut the drapes, and make a sign that says "Not On Tour" and tape it to the front door and slam it shut, but not before a man, a woman, and a teen girl come in. They are stealing things from me and I go to the bedroom and get my shotgun. I come out and point it at the man. He laughs, and continues to take things. I aim at a shoulder or a leg, a nonvital part, and I shoot. I mean business. He backs off. I shoot the woman in the stomach and she falls out of the room and down some stairs. I go to see her and she is curled in a fetal ball with lots of blood coming out of her belly area. Now I pick her up and run to the emergency room with her. They are busy and not too caring there. I carry her to a bed a nurse takes me to. (212 words)
#2522 (1993-06-20)

Now I am back at the apartment and the teen daughter returns. It is Lydia's "daughter" and Lydia was the woman I had shot, sort of. The daughter is being evasive and I suspect she has taken drugs. We, the woman and I, pick her up as she fights us, and take her to the emergency room. She insists she's fine and hasn't taken drugs. Again we go to the emergency room. We follow the nurse down the hall to a five-bed ward. We choose a bed for her to rest in. I look the room over and decide we chose the right bed after all. The other one by the door is also right by where they put the empty garbage cans and a noisy garbage truck works near there. The doctor comes over and does a test and says she has traces of board and other elements that indicate she has taken drugs. Board is a material that is in some drug as a filler. So now we can take her home. I sit her up in a chair ready to carry her home and I say to her, "You better listen girl, the third times the charm. You do this another time and you will not be rescued. We won't do it again. You will have to suffer the consequences. We mean it, too." (227 words)
#2523 (1993-06-21)

A man and I are trying not to get caught in the spell of the aliens. I have hidden something important, maybe the essence of me, in a tiny, miniature doll I keep in a small case with other miniature dolls. They are searching everywhere for this little doll. I must not let them be aware I know where the essence is or that I am aware they want it from me, pretend I don't know nothing. I had put the doll in a safe place. One of them had come into my room and was spraying the walls with a shower nozzle spray thing. I demanded they stop that, I know they are searching for the doll. They leave the room. Now one of them, sort of like a gay man, gets suspicious I'm not under their spell. He bites me on the neck, or something like that. Now I pretend to follow him around. I sit down He leans over me from behind me, so his hands are on my thighs and his skinny, naked chest is right by my mouth. This is supposed to heat me up sexually and I'm a slave for his touches. I do get sexually excited and suck on his nipples and arch my back to get orgasm. Inside, I shrug to myself. This will throw them off track. They are very suspicious of me. (232 words)
#2524 (1993-06-21)

I am a young woman who lives in a huge family. It is so big there are no places in the house where you can be alone. The couch is overrun with squabbling siblings of all ages. I want to go to the bathroom and must rush in and try to lock the doors before I'm interrupted by other siblings. This is driving me crazy. Finally I can't take it any more and I decide to run away from home. I hit out at some of the fighting kids on the couch as I pass them as I head for the front door. I get on my bike and go. Now I'm on a road, gravely, and following a huge truck. Now we are in a tunnel and it is dark and fearsome. I hope I don't get killed. I make it through to the other side. It's a town. I have the feeling the time period of this dream is older and maybe in Ireland. I want to find a place to live, an apartment, but of course I have no money. The shops are like in an indoor mall. I go to the bad part of town and see a carnival-like thing and wonder if I'll resort to taking a degrading job just to earn money for survival. But I pass the temptation of being a come-on girl for a booth and go to a counter where they do movies and ask the girl/woman there if they have any jobs. She laughs and says, "This is a very specialized job." I don't have the skills or training. I say, "I know," and ask her again if I can have a job. (283 words)
#2527 (1993-06-22)

Murphy Brown and the crew are staying at a motel they have rented to do a show. In the garage are four white cars, very spendy and pretty. The show is over and Murphy wants to drive one of the cars. Miles pretends great fear that something will go wrong and says no. Murphy says, "Yes, let's do it." She gets in one car. He gets in the passenger side. She somehow manages to get it out of the garage by driving between the other cars; it's a tight fit. Now she's driving. She puts her arm across the seat and looks out the back window and jokes about how there is no long back end (like my van). Now she's driving fast down the road and Miles is nervous, "Don't go so fast, be careful. She says, "Let's see how fast this thing goes. She speeds up. She says, "I'm only doing 40, and Miles says, "But it's a 300 mile zone." She sees a car ahead and hits the brakes, a fender bender. They stop. A tiny bit of red paint from their car is on our car. He gets out and tries to make it seem it is a dent and much worse than it is. (209 words)
#2528 (1993-06-22)

Murphy Brown and the gang are staying at a motel. They're up early for breakfast, eat a lot and then go back to bed, but our room is the passage the employees use to get to their jobs in the restaurant. And now they are up and coming through, so we get up again and have another breakfast. I gorge myself. Jim Dial sings a cute song to Frank, then a sweet love song to me. He shyly reaches out to hold my hand, but doesn't finish the gesture because he doesn't know how to react to my deformed hand. I hold it out for him to hold and he does so. The audience watches, enjoying the scene. Then he sings a magnificent opera to a large woman on my left. The audience agrees it's his best song. He leaves, with a little self-satisfied grin on his face. Now Corky and I and another woman are going to lie down and nap, but hey, we're on vacation, what is there to do round this seaside resort? We are restless, wanting to do it all. (184 words)
#2531 (1993-06-25)

I am a woman who lives on a piece of land that has a mountain of trees from the back door on and a central (state) rocky terrain from the front door. I am garrulous and talking to a woman friend. Some men come to the door and I let them in and I'm telling my woman friend how we get our food here, that we won't go hungry because I grow pumpkins in the back. In fact, I'll be serving my men guests pumpkin pie for dinner tonight. I walk to the front door and look out and up. I see a square hole being sawed out of the blue sky and four men in blue shirts fall out of the hole like they'd been kicked out of heaven. They fall across the sky, rather than down, toward earth. There are four holes or so. I marvel that they start healing themselves up and soon there are no holes in the sky. I go back in explaining about what I saw to my friend. I carry a one-dollar bill in my hand and a shirt. I wear a black crocheted shawl over my T-shirt and jeans. I have ample bosoms. I'm going to give this one-dollar to the young man who has come to visit. I try to find a place to put the dollar so no one will see it and get tempted to steal it. First I lay it under a backpack on a shelf, then I tuck it into my jeans pocket. I say to the woman, "They had blue shirts on too. I guess when you are drummed out of heaven, they don't take your blue shirt from you too." I laugh. (287 words)
#2532 (1993-06-26)

I give back the car keys to my boyfriend, who isn't treating me well. He's like Ted Danson on Cheers, a womanizer. I feel some regret because now I don't have a car and will have to figure out how to get around on my own. Now his other girlfriend needs to tell him goodbye and I am encouraging her to have the courage. She struggles and hesitates. I whisper, "Come on girl, come on. You can do it." Finally she does. She tells him it's over. Now I have to lead some group in a discussion of feelings. Two men have trouble. One is trying to share his feelings and another man is belligerent and noisy and interrupts him and they get into a verbal fight. Finally I say, "That's enough, you, leave." The man defies me and then finally leaves. Then they all leave. Now I am left with cleaning up and shutting the place up myself and I hadn't done that before. I don't know how to turn down the damper on the stove to get the fire to go out and be safe. I feel overwhelmed and frustrated and a bit of a failure for not managing to keep the group together. [BL] (206 words)
#2533 (1993-06-26)

Chuck, one of the men of that previous dreams group, doesn't want to share his feelings and suggests the democratic nonsmoking group meet to discuss how not to participate in the feeling sharing part. I'm trying to convince them to try it; they will feel much better. One man says, "But it is too dangerous and hurtful." I explain patiently that if one lets the feelings out when they are small, there is no harm or danger. It's when you keep them stuffed inside until they grow and grow that they can explode and hurt. He's not convinced. (98 words)
#2534 (1993-06-27)

I'm at a class and the man teacher is drawing things on the board. I am amazed that in just a swipe of the chalk, he can draw quite complex pictures with perspective. I say, "Does everyone but me draw good?" Then I go closer and see that the complex pictures are already on the board and when he swipes the chalk over it, it raises the picture up so we can see it. I say, "Oh, so that's how you do it." He shushes me; he doesn't want the others to know. Then I put a pink baby bonnet I made on his head, as a joke, and giggle at how silly he looks. Then it's graduation time and I receive some plants and some cats as gifts, a black cat and an orange one. The plant looks like a bird of paradise plant. It needs to be transplanted to do well. Now a fat woman named Velma (from high school) says she's getting married right now. She wears a pretty pink night gown and I go get the baby bonnet made and give it too her to wear as her veil. I give her the orange cat back. I carry it to the car. Her husband gets in, she gets in and I hand her the cat. They drive away. I go in to transplant my plants and take care of my black cat. (236 words)
#2538 (1993-07-09)

Bad men are threatening. They have a CD disk-like thing that is very powerful and can explode. Data decides to take over and strong-arms the men away from him as he blows a flame from his mouth to light a candle (like a birthday cake candle) that will set the whole place afire. He then decides to keep the CD disk thing. Why destroy all that power even if it could be dangerous in the wrong hands? The flames are starting too get big so he starts to leave, then noticing that the oven is on and the roast is now cooked well done. He turns the oven down and then off, thinking how sad to waste a perfectly good roast. Bad timing, but it can't be helped. He leaves. (130 words)
#2540 (1993-07-16)

I am in a house and two young married couples are there kissing and hugging and I feel like a fifth wheel. I smile indulgently remembering there are lots of bedrooms here and stroll on out to have breakfast. I go outside and see Charla. I am dancing in an exercise kind of way. There is lots of good energy; it's time to move again. I pick up my mail and open an ad for the new Mobil station, which has just been remodeled and open for business. Charla says, "What did I get?" and I say, "This is just an ad. Let's go get breakfast." She picks up a glass of milk from a table in a cafe where people are seated and drinks. We smile and go on to fix breakfast. (133 words)
#2542 (1993-07-20)

A group of people are waiting to use a public restroom. I am inside and point out to someone that there are two stalls that flush, one in a stall for privacy, the other just out there in the room. I say we could save time if we used both. Someone sits on the private one and farts and makes noises loudly as a statement about how they feel about doing this publicly. I grimace and smile; it is expected they would do this childish thing, and it is kind of funny. I go out to the group and tell them that we do have two stalls and it is their choice if they feel they can handle the embarrassment to use the open one. We'll get done faster that way. (131 words)
#2544 (1993-07-22)

I work for a radio station and am very well endowed in the breasts. I wear a shapeless sweatshirt to cover me up so men won't stare. They are going to a company party thing at the ""farm." I go inside and then overhear a conversation the men are having about me. One says, "I don't know if she's with us or not." I can't tell if there is a commitment. She seems to not care one way or the other. I realize this is so, and go to a closet and choose a pretty jacket to wear to the party. Now I look very good and I go out there to join them but all the men stare at my breasts and it makes me very uncomfortable. I get on the piece of shingled roof we are going to fly on with the man, who is like the WKPR radio salesman, a sleaze ball. I tell Charla to sit nearer me and not so close to the edge. We start to fly. It is precarious and I nearly fall off several times. We arrive at the farm and I see the cows, one a scrawny tough old male. I say, "I hope I don't meet up with him." We go on to the house. (215 words)
#2545 (1993-07-29)

I am lying on a couch, dead like. I look around the room and see it is still exactly like the moment the accident happened that killed me. A plant like my angel wing begonia lies in pieces on the floor where it was knocked over. A woman picks it up and brings the stem and leaves to me and says, "Look. Part of this is still alive. But it is without care and water for so long, but if you take care of it, it will live again." I am saddened and amazed that this could be revived. I sit up, now realizing I too am alive. My parents (sort of like Grandma Mildred and Grandpa Lloyd) are in the room and I get up and walk to them. They are shocked and happy to see I am alive. I go to Grandpa "dad" and he is seated in an easy chair, and I say to him, "Don't ever do this again. You left me for dead." He apologizes and his eyes are sad as he realizes what he did. I go back and sit on the couch and look out the window. High up on the hill is a new building, the new schoolhouse. My friends are there. I wave at them and my best friend sees me and they all run down to see me, so glad I am alive again. They swarm into the house. I am excited to see them. A man is there, a boyfriend of my friend, or my boyfriend. We all hug in reunion. I go out with them to get on the bus. [BL] (272 words)
#2549 (1993-08-08)

I am trying to fill out the forms for Social Security. Andrea has written out the right words for me in a succinct paragraph. I see the form has four parts with a question and a long blank space to answer in. I lay out the four pages so I can see them all in a row so I can make sense of them better. I partially copy her sentences and rewrite it with my own ideas. and words. (79 words)
#2551 (1993-08-09)

I am in a town and walking down a sidewalk. Charla is in a box, a cardboard box, and playing. I pick up the box and am carrying her home (feels a bit like M City). We pass a group of her first grade class doing some summer time activity, like a class picture. She decides now she wants to join them. I say, "Too late. You could have joined them before, but you chose to play around." Charla cries and I resolve to continue, to be consistent. I say to the group as we pass, "Sorry." The teacher understands. As we continue on, I realize Charla will be missing lots of fun and I circle around and ask the teacher if it's too late for Charla to join them. She says it's fine. I lecture Charla (an empty swim suit) about next time, I won't give in, if she dawdles and plays around, then I will follow through and take her home. She gleefully runs off to play with them. (171 words)
#2553 (1993-08-09)

A group of women meet every Friday. It's a neat group, interesting, creative. Mabel is one of them. I bring a young woman in a manual wheelchair to be included in the group. I am impressed with her. She is intelligent, humane and creative. I had not asked them ahead of time, so she is with me at the meeting where I ask them to include her. The group seems unsure and resistant. Mabel suggests she go and join her own kind of group (disabled). I fire up in defense and point put how she is intelligent and so on and would be an asset to this group. Mabel asks me "Is she a lesbian?" I am surprised at the question and then ponder. I answer, "I don't know. I don't think so. She doesn't look or act like one." (140 words)
#2554 (1993-08-10)

I am late for class and am rushing. Another woman is with me. We have a very fat, little obnoxious boy with us who we have to take care of. We decide to take him to the school daycare center. We know we'll meet resistance. The two women see us coming. "I suppose you will tell us this is our fault, that we forgot the phone call you made to reserve his space." I say honestly, "No, we didn't call. We need your help." They refuse us, no room. I turn to the other woman, whose responsibility this really is and say, "I'm sorry, but I must leave this to you and go on to my class." I feel bad, but I must do it. I resolutely do so, handing her this fat boy (maybe 2 years old) even though I feel guilty. I leave her and get to the class. The time has been changed and 1:50 time shows on the clock. The room is already full. I put my classwork, which I am excited about and feel is good work, down in a small spot and stand. There is no place to sit. The instructor (male) comes over to see my work. (204 words)
#2555 (1993-08-10)

I am male and swimming in the ocean in front of a huge boat. In order to not be run over, I grab the chain and pull myself on board, only to discover it is a sort of prison ship. A man yells exercise marching orders to the prisoners. I hesitate. Which horrible place do I choose: dive in and swim and maybe drown, or give myself over to this prison setting? I stay on board. (76 words)
#2558 (1993-08-17)

There are three of us, males. We are planning to take some people, perhaps ourselves, and cook them down to a sauce and drink it. I have reservations. I ask, "Isn't this like cannibalism? Eating people isn't right." They assure me it's OK, because it's us, not anyone else. I am not totally convinced. I go along. We put a small person in a pot and cook it down. The sauce is blood red. He gets it out and offers it to me. I cringe and say, "I can't." I see two cockroaches in it, and exclaim, "How did they get in there and they are still alive?" Then the man eats the living cockroach and swallows a few bites of the stuff, which is now thin white thread-like things. I feel queasy and walk away back to our rooms. Slowly, the man starts turning into an insect man. He is coming for me and I run away, trying to get away. I go outside and mingle with bikers and sleazy people. The insect man now has extra feet and legs and is on a bicycle and the extra legs are now a circle of legs and feet and an extra wheel and pedals on the bike. I see some other half and half creatures around, a man's head on a short zebra-like body. Others have sipped the sauce. I run; they chase. (233 words)
#2559 (1993-08-19)

I am Paul Newman's dresser. I'm in charge of choosing his matching outfits. He picks some pants and I find matching or coordinated shirts, etc. I tell him I love the movie star Paul Newman and have dreamt about him and then realize he is the same person. I feel a bit embarrassed. He chooses a gray pair of pants and I am upset because I can't find anything to match or go with it. I have failed and I shrug and say, "Oh well, you'll just have to figure it out yourself then." (94 words)
#2563 (1993-09-03)

Merle has a crush on me and draws porno pictures of me. Lucy and I are looking at them. I am impressed with how big my eyes are, and how pretty. Later, there is a girl named Lori and she is acting out or crying and I say to her, "This has got to stop or I'll call in the children services division." I know she's been abused, perhaps sexually, and maybe Merle and another man are doing it. I am going to report them. I want this abuse to stop. (91 words)
#2565 (1993-09-07)

I am the substitute driver for the LTD Bus System. I have a full bus, very crowded. I don't know the route, and follow from one bus stop sign to the next, hoping I'm doing it right. My brakes aren't working well and I have a very difficult time stopping the bus. I stand on the brakes. I decide to call for directions to know my route. I pick up the phone and meanwhile some women are crowded onto the first seat. There is standing room only on this bus and they are boisterous and pushing up against me. I demand they back off. They don't really listen. I notice I am trying to stop the bus and end up crunching a small tree, bending it over as I plow into it because my brakes are so slow to work. The woman on the phone doesn't give me good information about my route and doesn't help me with the noisy passengers. I am frustrated. (164 words)
#2566 (1993-09-11)

I am working with the men in some kind of logging camp and then we are showering. I and they are very aware that I am a woman and we are trying to ignore that fact. I keep a towel covering me even in the shower. It's just that I work so well as a man with them that we try to pretend I'm not a woman. (67 words)
#2567 (1993-09-11)

I have a crazy mother and a rich, distant father who owns a business. I have a boyfriend who is a good-looking man physically, but not so smart; not stupid, just ordinary. I am laying on top of him, kissing him and enjoying the close physical connection. I say something like, "Too bad you're not as smart as me," and then feel embarrassed at the disclosure. I smile, caught, and confess. I say, "I guess I think my being so smart is something special" (not those words, but that feeling). He laughs at my silliness. He tells me my father gave him a job. I am glad. He's to be a waiter in the club. My crazy mother comes by and starts to be crazy and then remembers his name and behaves herself. I am impressed. She must really like him to have done that. (145 words)
#2568 (1993-09-11)

I am standing in an odd line waiting to see a movie. I am early and am forming a corner of the line so I'll get in sooner than most people, but it means I'll be standing there for an hour or two. I feel the need to pee. A man and his girlfriend stand on either side of myself. (60 words)
#2570 (1993-09-12)

I am a housewife and cleaning up the apartment. It is constant work and I do it willingly. I fold clothes, do the dishes, cook meals, and care for the small kittens. I pick it up and cuddle it saying in a soft sweet voice, "Oh, there's the little kitty." Later, I have children, two half-grown boys and a six-year-old girl. I then am lighting the candles and am dressed in a 1950's housewife, pretty for my hubby, and he walks in the door with an unexpected dinner guest. I am distressed, but handle it gently and with dignity. Later, I am cleaning up, he's now drunk and off to bed calling for me to come to bed and I am still cleaning up the sink from after the dinner. Woman's work is never done. [BL] (135 words)
#2571 (1993-09-13)

I am writing a play for television and the woman actor says, "How come the beginning characters were not so good?" I point out that writing takes time to improve and evolve. The beginning of a series is not as finely tuned as later. She does a beginning scene which has since been changed and improved. I wince at its badness. Now a young man has a crush on me and follows me around. I am embarrassed. I am teaching a writing course and it is unethical for me to return any personal feelings to him. I am putting my long hair up on rollers. He watches and pleads with me to notice him. I try to ignore him, but it is hard. Then I notice another student, a new one, and feel embarrassed I had not paid attention to him before. I am worried he will have lost interest and pull away from the class. Then I would have done a bad job as a teacher. I talk with him, trying to assure him this isn't the way I usually teach class, but I got sidetracked. I have four or five curlers in and realize I have to take them out now and wonder if it was even worth the trouble putting them in because they need time to set the curl. (223 words)
#2574 (1993-09-18)

I am in a room and Dora is exhausted. She's a housewife and mother and works from morning until night and never gets caught up on her rest. She is folding laundry and Aunt Esther or Aunt Charlotte is visiting. Aunt Charlotte is wearing a black print dress and Dora pulls out a white, pretty dress from the laundry basket and says she can wear this one if she stays overnight. Bonnie holds it up to herself. Her hair is dark black and she has a pale complexion, so the white of the dress isn't all that complementary to her. She'd rather wear the black print one again. Dora is folding up bras and is searching for one that is comfortable for Auntie. She looks at one that is counterbalanced and says, "Maybe this one will help." They are all quite large, like "D" cup size. Aunt Charlotte then starts twirling and dancing and singing like she's pretending to be on stage and I think, "She really does have talent. It's too bad she isn't doing anything with it." Dora then turns to me and says, "We'll have to figure out something about the throat" (I'd had a coughing thing when I was being visited by this man, maybe Dovre's young man, Dwight. I'd impressed him with my humor but I'd had a coughing thing where I had to excuse myself from the room to choke and cough. He thinks I'm pretty talented. It was too bad about the throat.) (250 words)
#2578 (1993-09-20)

I am about to be a part of a production, but I haven't been to any of the rehearsals; perhaps I'd been ill. I ask the large, overweight woman teacher where I should stand. The teacher, who looks a bit like Grandma Agnes, is busy and abrupt with me. I see the girls standing and practicing where they will be during one song. If I join them, I will have to know the precision turns and moves. If I don't join them, I'll be standing alone and conspicuous on the stage with nothing to do. I am aware that if I had taken the initiative and rehearsed, I'd not be in this predicament. I go in search of the teacher who is rehearsing a woman singing. I stand there, edging nearer to get her attention, which interrupts their rehearsal. I am envious of the woman's singing ability to do opera. My throat can't do that any more. The teacher is annoyed with me. She goes to the piano. I am crying copious tears that drip onto the piano. The teacher says, shortly, "Oh, for goodness sake, at least don't get tears on the piano!" She says I'll just have to figure it out, where I'll stand. She hasn't time to work with me. When I'd asked to be a part of this production, I'd promised I wouldn't be a trouble, but I sure am one now. I decide I have to go to the bathroom and find a stall, lock the door and am still crying. Girls look at me sympathetically, but I don't want them to fuss over me. (270 words)
#2579 (1993-09-20)

My truck is broken. A metal thing dropped out of it. Can it be fixed? Someone, a woman, suggests I drive to class around the mountain. It takes longer, but it's a safer route with a broken truck. I think about it but decide to go straight up the mountain. I feel confident the truck can make it. I don't want to waste time going the long way. (68 words)
#2580 (1993-09-21)

I find gold stars and foil cut out ornaments on the floor and am picking them up. I am showing the girls how we are going to fold the dining table so we have more room. I fold it really narrow. The girls modify it so there is enough room at the table, but it doesn't take up so much space in the room. I look for a lace tablecloth in the closet. (73 words)
#2582 (1993-09-23)

I am at a resort, looking out a window at the ocean far down below. I enjoyed watching the waves and marveled how high they could come up the cliffs and how they worked back toward the sea with such foamy power. I get up to pack, because it's time to go home. I have trouble gathering up all my stuff. Lucy is also packing and her things are mixed with mine. I hold up a blouse on a hanger which also has a small girl's dress on the hanger. It belongs to her. I am a bit frustrated because I don't really want to leave, and some men have sat at my good spot by the window so I can't watch the waves and Lucy's stuff keeps slowing me down. I get to the truck and discover lots of Lucy's stuff under it. I am annoyed. She asks me where her laundry basket is. I see a yellow plastic laundry basket by the wheel of the truck, and lots of clothes, papers, boxes of things. Now I see that the things on the truck are just laying around loose. I start to pack them into drawers in the dresser to keep them from flying away when we get going. A plastic package of honey is there and I wonder if I should put it in the drawer, because it could break and make a mess. (236 words)
#2583 (1993-09-24)

It's time to go somewhere, but the bathtub had just been filled with warm, pleasant water. Oh well, we can use it later, only it won't be so warm then. The tea set is set up under the water already. Then Ginny throws herself into the tub and splashes around, showing me to spontaneously have fun. I smile and go out to tell people we'll be delayed for awhile because Ginny is bathing. I see a woman with long hair down to the floor and another woman cuts the length and it still touches the floor. The hair is luxurious, thick and silky. I admire it. I see my own hair and it sort of has some length to it, but it is thin and falls out easily. In fact, the hairdo is short now, not because I had a haircut, but because it falls out. (146 words)
#2585 (1993-09-26)

I am on a talk show, maybe Phil Donahue and acting as an assistant CO-host, I make jokes with anything at hand and the audience loves me. I'm very funny. The audience is far away. There are pillars or partitions between them and me, but they love me! Phil is impressed and calls me into his office. We chat. I use the label on a package of dried meat to use as a prop to tell jokes. (77 words)
#2587 (1993-09-30)

I had been doing some work on paper and then it got crowded and I started to leave, and then decided to return to take my papers. I end up in a library or store and look. I ask where left papers are and she points to a counter. I start to go and then remember it was art work, and not writing I did. That is in another space. Then I feel a strong need to pee and go in search of the bathroom. (85 words)
#2589 (1993-10-02)

Some kind of vampire woman is going for Ellie's neck and I am yelling a warning to her. Get up, push her away, but Ellie is oblivious, and in fact finds it sensual and enticing. I watch her face as she allows this female vampire to move in on her neck, laying down on her. I am very upset but can't get her to listen to me. (67 words)
#2590 (1993-10-03)

I am back in the M City house and looking at the inside of the house, remembering fondly. I say this will be the second wedding from this house. I see the beautiful lace curtains and admire them. That's different than when I lived here. I think it is me getting married. I decide to step out on the side porch to look around. I haven't been here in a long time. I see it is a ramp now, not the steps, and it is all fixed up nicely with decorative porch lamps, all white and gold and pretty. Then I look out across Hembree Street and see a house that never was there before. I don't like that. Then it moves away, along with the other three houses, like it's a train of houses. After it is gone, I see a big vista like a golf course in its tidiness. I think, "Hey, where's the train trestle?" and then see it. I am relieved and then I see a creek going under it and across my lawn diagonally past the house. "My creek," I say nostalgically. Then I wonder what the back yard is like, and I look. Horrified, I see a road has cut through the canyon and a train track. I am very sad and sob uncontrollably at this loss. (223 words)
#2591 (1993-10-03)

I am writing a finishing part in a play. I am in the M City House and Lucy is rehearsing her songs in the other room. I realize I haven't been memorizing my lines and feel concern and some frustration at myself for leaving it to the last. I won't be prepared. I admire Lucy for preparing well. I write a bit for Mark H to do, about Christmas candies. I think it is a funny bit until I realize he won't have time to get it memorized. I think, "Well, then what would be so wrong if we did it as a staged reading, not an off book production?" I know this is a cop out. I should have prepared, Mark should have prepared. Now the candy skit doesn't look as funny and I pick up the packages of glittery sugary candy from the box and look at it again. (151 words)
#2593 (1993-10-04)

H and I are talking. Merle has moved and is back visiting. He comes by. I am teaching something or examining something for work. It's time to quit work and go home. Merle joins us. He is talking. He is standing up and is very, very skinny, almost as thin as a pencil. He says to someone, "My wife and I..." and I turn and look at Hasani, wondering why she hadn't told me Merle was married now. Hasani looks like, "I was sworn to secrecy." I go over to talk to Merle. He says, "It was a marriage of convenience. It isn't really working out." He still likes me very much. He then hands me five blouses on a hangers and an old pair of printed pants of his. He tells me that this man wants me to put them on. I am to choose which blouse to wear. I pick one. Merle says, "The man says not that one. You can't wear it ever. It's just to be in the closet." I am a bit annoyed and choose to comply now, knowing that I will rebel later at his orders. He thinks he possesses me, but I don't agree. He's sort of like the crazy man in a previous dream. I put on the pants. It's like clown pants. They are so overly large for me. I cinch in the yellow belt farther and farther, until I feel quite slim in comparison to the pants. This pleases the man, who is watching. (254 words)
#2595 (1993-10-05)

I am swimming in a pool. Dovre's swim coach, an older plump athletic woman, watches me. I am a very good swimmer. She is impressed, but stoically watches, not encouraging me. I swim fast and do laps. Now she wants to train me for the team. Now I'm on an airplane, with a small girl with me. The coach is the pilot of this small craft. The little girl doesn't want to sit on the seat I chose for her right next to me because it's a "holding" seat. I assure her it is not a holding seat. The pilot coach also assures her. He sits reluctantly. Now in the back of the plane is a famous male movie star and the other women of the swim team are all agog around him. I watch him and he watches me. We are interested. Now we are at a party, perhaps at my mansion, and I change into a lovely evening gown. I am now drunk on bubbly champagne and fall, and stagger and giggle. (174 words)
#2596 (1993-10-09)

I am at a conference, only it's in my living room. A woman comes from California and teaches. We'd had one last night and now I wake up on the couch and it's time for another one. The women come in and I sit up. The instructor is in the kitchen taking the dishes out of the dishwasher from last night as I hadn't gotten up and done them. I apologize to her, saying she doesn't have to do that. The dishes are white glass with gold trim on the edges. Bonnie had put them in because they'd been in my cupboard for so long and needed washing, from all the accumulated dust. A woman like Kathleen from poetry group sits on my right. I am telling them how the first time I used the word "abuse" to describe my upbringing felt so shocking, because it wasn't physical abuse, but emotional abuse. They were good people, but didn't know how to express themselves. Kathleen encourages me to keep calling it abuse and not cave in to society's ways of denial. I agree that I will persevere. I get up and say I need to pee and brush my teeth. There is a tiny alcove next to the living room, with a curtain as a door. I sit on a tall white bucket which sits on a toilet. I balance precariously. I pee a torrent of urine. It all rushes out of me at once. I know it can be heard by the women. Then the one man participant arrives. I immediately spill urine on the floor, it splatters from the rushing torrent. I am embarrassed. The topic f the conference is Men's Issues. I don't really want to be there, but I need the credits. [BL] (295 words)
#2597 (1993-10-09)

I am in a house. A silver-papered bag of cat food is in the sink, but we don't have cats any more. A tiny baby girl is laying on the floor. I dance around her, teasing her, my toes nearly stepping on her head and shoulders. She doesn't much like the teasing. I sing a chant about "No more flu germs, No more cold germs," like a chant to ward off germs. I prance around saying that over and over, and then as an afterthought, I say, "And no more germs from outside this room too," meaning if I go outside, I don't want to catch any germs there either. It's a way of protecting us. (116 words)
#2598 (1993-10-11)

I have to pee really bad. I am in a house. Some man is injured and I am helping him. A cat is there somewhere, maybe also needing help. I go into a bathroom and try to sit on the toilet. It breaks off from the wall and is wobbly. I am standing and peeing so I won't tip it over. I pee voraciously all down my leg and around the room in front of me. I am concerned the water will back up and flow out of the toilet onto the floor. I leave. Now I am going from room to room in a hotel-like exhibit. I look out the window and see the beautiful emerald green ocean waves far below. There is a crowd of people walking through the exhibit as I am. I really need to pee and consider finding an exhibit toilet and using it. One room has a whirlpool and a single bed with an air mattress-like thing, sort of a health spa room. I wonder where people sleep and see another room with beds in it. I go out the door and go to the next exhibit room. On the way I see parrot beaded earrings and go over to see the price: 1 or 2 dollars, very cheap. I don't really want the parrots, but like crystal things or beaded things. [BL] (228 words)
#2599 (1993-10-11)

I am swimming in a huge ocean and the waves are a solid wall of water. I feel fear that Ishall drown and decide that discretion is the better part of valor. I turn to swim back to shore but the waves that way are smaller, but more turbulent. I'm in trouble no matter which way I swim. Why am I there in the first place? (66 words)
#2600 (1993-10-12)

I am holding a playwright class in my living room. "Merle," like Paul of old days, is there, the only one to show up. He is nervous and wants to leave, but I think he's cute and want him to stay. So he reads his scene and wants to go and I keep talking to keep him there, saying that at 1:00 Linda and perhaps others will be there and will need him to read their scenes. I tell him in detail, slowly, all about my new play opening up soon to keep him there. At 1:00 Linda rings the doorbell. I stand up and walk past Merle, caressing his thighs from behind seductively. He is surprised and not too pleased. (121 words)
#2602 (1993-10-13)

I am at a conference backstage with Mirabelle. She is going out to the front of the stage to give a message or speech. I agree to hold up a printed message for her so the audience can see the points she makes. I walk out following her. Someone whispers, B's standing up. Mary wanders down the aisle and I follow, feeling the strain of standing. I call a girl over and ask her to bring me one of the step ladder stools that had been set up for the presenters. She says Ginny or Karen McDonald had put those out for the speakers. I say, "Well, I'm one of them, so go get one." She does. Meanwhile Mary has picked up a sweet, little dark-haired baby and is holding it up for everyone to see. She's going to massage it. I reach out and touch the baby as Mary walks past me holding it up for everyone to see. I point where I want the stool to be placed, and then someone moves it down a center aisle. I sit on top of the upside down plastic Melmac plate on the stool. It's a bit wobbly. A woman brings me a blanket and whispers she also has a pillow if I need one. It's too warm and I say, "Here, thanks, but I don't need it now. I'll let you know when I do." Someone calls my name. I turn and see a woman in a manual wheelchair, dark short hair. She says, "Hi, seems the same people as last year are here again." I say, "Yeah, but we're trying to make it more consumer-oriented this year." She agrees this is good. (283 words)
#2603 (1993-10-13)

I am at N City. I am given a plant, or rather several plants transplanted into one pot. There is room for one more plant in the pot and we look at different plants to find one that uses the same environmental conditions so it will be compatible. We find one sort of a tiny, ivy-like plant with small white flowers. It is very pretty. We put it into the pot. When these baby plants get growing they are going to be very beautiful. Now it's evening and time to go home to M City. Shall I wheelchair it to M City or take the Greyhound? I go for a while in the wheelchair and realize I'm lost. I ask this man for directions. He's very tall, towering over me. He tells me he is partially deaf on one side and I need to get used to his speech. I say, "I am too." So he starts trying to give me directions. I can't decide if I should wheel it or bus it. I try to call the bus depot for information but can't seem to get through. The phone book is buried behind papers and the man on the phone is unclear. He does finally say I can't get there directly from N City. I'd have t bus to Dover and then transfer. It will take lots of time and is difficult. I feel tired. (236 words)
#2604 (1993-10-14)

I am a small child, girl. This Hitler kind of man puts a small chip like round lithium battery in my mouth and I swallow it. It has important info on it. I shit it out and he is looking for me to get his chip. War is starting and I have to leave; everyone is running around, trying to escape. I know that chip is important so I hang onto it, shit and all, and am swept by the crowd out of the house and onto a boat. As we are leaving, I want to call out to my Grandfather where I am and that I am safe and alive, but if I do, the Hitler man and a woman will hear. Then I worry if Grandfather is a part of them. I stay quiet. Now I am in some strange battle for my life. The chip transforms into some kinds of animals I can use as weapons. Three other girls use their weapons (animals) to fight me. I fight these biting animals off. It is hard. I steal their babies (stuffed little animals that are alive) and climb up a ladder to a high hidy hole. A huge male giant stands looking into my hidy hole, but I have pulled down a metal sheet that I can see through that apparently he can't see through. He stands there stupidly, not knowing what to do. The little captured animals want to get out and I must keep them with me so I can survive this fight to the death. (260 words)
#2605 (1993-10-14)

I am working at a hotel counter. It's the end of a shift. Murphy Brown asks me to rotate and stay another shift because her child needs help. I go to the counter. Merle comes by and is sympathetic and agrees to stay and help. We are tired but trying to keep up. I pick up a glass of milk to drink but realize it is curdled, thick and creamy. It tastes terrible. I look up and see Murphy coming back very jauntily. We are exhausted and we poke a woman co-worker in the ribs and say, "Don't tell her." It's a silly kind of revenge. Murphy tries a glass of the stuff, poured over a cake as frosting, and loves it like it's buttermilk or something. Shucks! She would! Now a teen boy and girl comes up to the counter and I introduce them to Murphy, like she's their Aunt. The girl's name is Spirit. She grimaces when Murphy is introduced like, "Ugh, that eccentric Aunt!" We are exhausted and make mistakes because of it. We just want to be off duty and go home and sleep. (188 words)
#2607 (1993-10-15)

I am at a shop/library. A good-looking man is attracted to me. I am trying on different hats. One is an old leather brown flying pilot helmet. It looks silly on me. I hear Rochelle going by. She is talking about her hormones. She always talks like that. I don't want to make any noise so she'll know I'm there and come over and talk. Boring. I am going to connect with this delicious man. (75 words)
#2608 (1993-10-16)

I am talking to a man and explaining to him (he is like Vern H) how I could tell from his body language that he felt OK about disability. He is gentle and sweet. I start to show him what I mean, and it turns into a swim lesson. The woman teacher says, "Now gently sink down and submerge yourself into the water, keeping your nose open (not holding it pinched shut) and keeping their eyes open as well." I manage to do it, but am aware of some tension and wanting to come back up. When I am underwater, I see the circle of other students with me. We look into each other's eyes so we can see we did this with eyes open. Now I am given a small clump of white sticks with gold ends on them. They are defensive weapons. I use them to hit out at an attacking man. I hit him at the eyes and at the groin. The multi dimensions of the sticks are supposed to make it easier to hit and cause pain with. (182 words)
#2609 (1993-10-16)

I am sitting on a pasture-like land. I see a tiny kitten sitting ahead of me. A large dog and a cow are playing near her and I get concerned because she could get accidentally stepped on. The cow gets very close and I get concerned. The kitten finally gets up in the nick of time and comes over and crawls into my arms. I pet it and hold it, relieved it moved out of harm's way. Now I notice the cow is very close to me and I realize it's the same situation. Someone bigger than me is behind me watching like I was with the kitten. I get up, holding the kitten, and move up on a big rock where I am safer. The scenery around me is expansive and beautiful and peaceful. I turn around so my back is to the ocean side and see the pasture. It is also a pretty view, even though not as spectacular as the usual view. (165 words)
#2610 (1993-10-18)

I am leaning against a wall and talking to an Uncle, maybe Uncle Joel, whose wife is dead now. I am sympathetic. He leans on the wall with me and puts his arm around my shoulders comfortably. We chat. It feels nice to be comforted like that. He's very tall. Later, I am the "star" of a TV piece, where I am like a Murphy Brown character. I am standing at the edge of a lake or ocean facing back toward land where a crowd of people is gathered to watch. I am reminding them that years ago I did a role and this is very much like it. Did they remember the name of the character I did then? They didn't. They didn't much care. I dither on for a while, but can't get their interest. Suddenly, a mistake is made and the crew all disappears. I am left alone and a huge black Doberman is coming toward me, growling. I back away, saying, "Nice doggie." I throw him a pencil to bite on, but he keeps coming for me. I toss him a book, maybe my script book, and he spits it out and is loping right behind me as I run for the cover of the pickup truck. Where is the crew when you need them? (219 words)
#2612 (1993-10-19)

I am at some campground where a conference is being held. Mary and Lucy are there. I go ahead to get us a seat at the luncheon tables, big round tables with pink tablecloths on them. I find one very close to where the speaker will be and secure a spot, saving a couple of spots for my friends. Other people are trying to sit at the table. Suddenly I realize that Deepak Chopra is sitting at the table. I see he looks ill. He has a snot booger hanging off his nose and looks bad. I say sympathetically, "You look ill." He smiles weakly. I try to help him. I offer to sort his speeches in chronological order for him. Later I go to his house with him as we'd struck up a relationship, but there aren't ramps and it is hard to get in and out. I gently chide him that he is not very sensitive to the disabled, even though he is one himself. Later I am W. talking with a couple of male friends about stuff and mention my co-worker John. [BL] (185 words)
#2613 (1993-10-20)

I am on a train track and running from the Nazis and I rest for a second. Someone says, "Take a bath now because when the war is nearly over you won't have time." So I take a wonderful hot bath and then hear the Nazi train coming and get out quickly to dry off and change into clean clothes. My family runs for cover and I run down the sidewalk, trying to get to the border where the Dutch can help me. He (the huge German guard) yells, "Halt," and I run. I pour a cream-based jelly out of a tube into his eyes as my defense. He tries to shoot me. I run. I make it to the intersection and try to cross. A Dutch person comes across and helps me across. The German follows and I nearly empty the tube in his eyes and kick at his groin and trip him. He falls and I yell, "Get me a gun." I meant to kill him. The Dutch laughs nervously, surely she doesn't mean to use it. Some wise person says gently, "Get her the gun. She won't kill, but needs to make the effort of holding him at gunpoint for her dignity." (205 words)
#2614 (1993-10-20)

I light some candles and they melt quickly and spread a melting pool of candle wax on the table and on the floor. The kids must have been playing with the candles before. I try to clean up the growing mass of candle wax. Finally, I figure out to blow out the candles to not keep making up more of a mess. (62 words)
#2615 (1993-10-20)

I am being chased by a bad guy. I'm a sort of spy. My helper, a man, is telling me to keep walking and to find a room to hide in for a while until the danger blows over. He's speaking into an earpiece I have in my right ear. I walk and walk and lose the guy and go into a sleazy hotel and get a room. The sympathetic landlord agrees to send up food until it is safe to come out. I go in the room, but there are many doors that keep opening and I am busy going around and locking doors and putting furniture up against them. There is another room and I need all this sealed off, and so I keep trying to remodel the room with my thoughts and see it small and only one door, which I can lean the bed up against. It's hard to get it to change to that. Doors keep popping up all over the room. (167 words)
#2616 (1993-10-21)

I am an exchange student in France. A very fat woman is the lady of the house and she is asking me to do some chores around the place. I'm a bit annoyed, but do so. She wants me to do the dishes and then read stories in English to the children. It helps them with their language skills. I have a hard time speaking French. [BL] (66 words)
#2617 (1993-10-21)

I am the director of a film. I am filled with the enormity of how important each decision is, and I have to make each decision frame by frame. Millions of dollars ride on it. I look into the camera viewfinder and give direction. We are filming a getaway down a very big and steep mountain. I am getting different angles. Now I take time out to look at photos of the shoot. People keep coming up and asking me questions. I tell them to give a few minutes of my own to enjoy these photos, pictures of a crevasse in the mountain and so on. One woman says "Oh, the plastics" meaning the photos. I have trouble getting a few moments to myself. (124 words)
#2618 (1993-10-21)

I am a member of a two- person team and the other team is getting ready to descend the cliff. We sneak under them at the base of the cliff to spy. They are wimps and are going to drive down and around in a car rather than repel down the cliff face, like we did. I keep very close to the rock face so they won't see us. I keep shifting my position around to remain undetected. Now I am creeping down a long dirt rut behind a shield of grasses. A goat comes up to me and is grazing. I get around the goat and see the hut of a native African friend of mine and ask his wife if I may come in to observe the other team through their window. She agrees. It is a skinny little room and only one chair in it and I use it to sit in front of a round, pretty window. The window has a slit in it and there is a wooden shield closed over it. I ask the woman to open the shield so I may see. She goes outside and does so. I see two men seated near the window talking, an English captain and someone else. I listen in on their conversation, hoping they don't see me. (221 words)
#2619 (1993-10-22)

I need to go to the store my woman owns. I am sort of Dwight. We'd taken the night off to be together, and I need to get some stationery. I take a dime out of her wallet and ask if she wants to come along. She says she's tired and she'll stay home. I say, "Ok, I'll be right back." I am walking barefoot and with each step, I say, "This is stupid. Why am I doing this? Because I forgot to bring more money which means I'll have to come back tomorrow anyway so this is a wasted trip. And each step I take is doubled with the step to return and then I just have to repeat it again tomorrow." I stubbornly keep going, however, arguing with myself all the way. I get there and am looking for the part of the store my woman owns (she is like O'Conner of Northern Exposure). The place is a mess and needs to be organized. I'm too tired to do it now and I'm upset because I haven't the time to do it right, and I feel frustrated. Suddenly, my woman shows up at the door, apologizing for letting me take the walk alone. She said she realized that the time we spent together was very precious and more important than anything, so we'll spend it together cleaning and organizing the store. I am pleased and happy that she sees it this way. (244 words)
#2620 (1993-10-22)

I work for some TV company or something. I am working on my dreams. Carlene of Merton Circle comes over to see how I'm doing. I explain to her that lots of people say I'm obsessing on working on my dreams, and maybe they are right, but I just have to do it. She sympathizes and says she's working for hours at a time on a computer program. She understands. I am now opening envelopes and finding 10 dollars in cash in them. People are finally sending me some grudging support for my birthday, or for my dreams project. Some arrogant man isn't working out for the company. Someone measures the love a man has for me and Dwight's love for me. Dwight's love is stronger. (126 words)
#2621 (1993-10-26)

Jock says to me he just now heard that he wasn't being paid for his work on a play. I say, "What a gyp." Another man says, "It's not really a problem, because all we have to do is fill out this form and take it to the office and they'll come up with the money." I decide to do this and try to fill it out. Now I'm walking to take the form to the office and I'm walking on a "carpet" of sticks and twigs and hollow cork bark and pussy willows which have been sorted carefully so each kind of thing is all in a row. I pick up a cork bark still in the shape of a branch and admire its beauty. I admire the work that went into laying all the pussy willows out together in a row. (143 words)
#2623 (1993-10-29)

I am playing a guitar on a stage and I play well. There is a man there who is in competition with me. I get off the stage and run hurriedly into the audience crowd to try to get away from the man. He teases me hard, or something. I run into the women's room. I come out and someone is interviewing the man, who is drunk, and he kisses me and the interviewer on stage says something and the man says, "Hey, I'm married and I am loyal to my wife." I am asked if he's a good kisser. I say, "Yes he is. He smells like shit, but he's a good kisser," and I see his mouth is full of duck shit, green stuff, and the cement corner he had been leaning or sitting in had shit on it too. It's nauseating. Now I see on the stage some animal act where the ducks are trained to raise their wings and gesture them like arms and they are told to find someone and cure him, like a doctor. I watch as they all line up at their spots against the side walls and put their heads to the wall like in hide and seek. I think, "How interesting." They probably had to train a long time to be able to do that. They have sacks over their heads. I feel gritty stuff in my throat from the duck shit kiss. (242 words)
#2624 (1993-10-29)

I am with Ginny and Ernie. Ernie gives me sweet glances of love. I am unsettled. It feels wonderful and I feel terrible because it isn't right. I try to avoid him. He follows me around and then finally says, "I want to kiss you." I walk away. Then he comes up behind me and hugs me gently and with love. I want to relax into it, but walk away. Ginny comes in and I don't know how to act. Ernie says truthfully and directly, "I kissed B." Ginny bursts into tears and walks away angrily. I follow her saying it won't happen again. She says angrily, "You can have him." I say, "No, he's yours." We do this back and forth. (122 words)
#2626 (1993-11-03)

I am walking with Ellie and Charla. A huge, rough man comes rushing past and beyond us on the sidewalk to an empty field. Ellie starts taking off her clothes. I am appalled. I want us to get out of here and back toward safety and she seems to be courting the danger. He sits in the muddy grass. She goes over and sits with him. I turn and walk away back to the sidewalk with Charla. I see two steps up to the cement sidewalk and a huge horse turd on the step and a gun or rifle the man had put there. Now the man is roughing up Ellie, and she cries out "No, don't hit me, then I'll look bad for my boyfriend. He'll be upset." The man is going to hurt her, possibly rape her. Ellie calls out for them to stop; another man is going to help him. I rush up the sidewalk calling out, "Help me. I need a phone. Help me someone." I go to apartment buildings and pound on doors and look for lights that indicate anyone is home. No one is home or responds. "Help me," I call, now leaving Charla behind in the men's pickup truck in order to go faster for help. I am scared and concerned for them both. (221 words)
#2627 (1993-11-09)

The Merton Circle is meeting. It's a large group, and Hillary says during the break, "Why don't you tell us what's going on for you now?" I am shy and hesitate, but go up in front of this group and speak. This is fun, like when I was teaching, making them laugh and think. They are warmly responsive. I say, "As you know, when we first met, I was teaching at the community college, well, at east, part time and now things are changed." Tyler says, "Boy, have they!" I smile. I say, "And so now I am going back to high school." They laugh with me. I say, "To learn math." Tyler says, "Calculus." I say, "Yes, I am interested in some aspects of physics and math has always been hard and this ties into how much the Merton circle has changed." They all murmur agreement. I say, "We need to talk about this. I'm not sure I like the changes." (162 words)
#2629 (1993-11-09)

I am in a building and trying to get a job. I am going to go take classes at the University and want to work part time also. Ellie comes in and is going to apply also. I am very upset. She will mess up my chances. I go to an elevator, which is a tiny space at the top of a flight of stairs, and go down a flight. I am going to go to classes. Now I return, using the same elevator. I go to my new room, which I will live in and counsel in. I try to set it up. Then I think I have two rooms, one with a bed and a tiny kitchen and the original room for counseling sessions. I can be very economical with my living needs because that isn't as important to have the conventional space a house would have. I do want to separate the living space from the counseling space. (161 words)
#2631 (1993-11-12)

Bonnie and Mateo and I are traveling, planning to go to Paris. Some crazy woman from India interferes and we lose Bonnie. Mateo and I are going to get on a train but if we do, Bonnie will never find us and I'll end up having to care for Mateo. This was not my plan, to be baby-sitting when in Paris. I try to back track, and remember clues. I must search a computer data bank for info that will help. I feel thwarted. Now I am trying on clothes, I saw a pretty suit. I think will look nice. I put it on: a leather suede jacket, a wool textured skirt, a lavender blue silk like blouse. Corinne is there and feels the material and says, "This is wrong for you, textured like that. It will be hard to work." I am annoyed at her. I want the outfit to work. I like it. Corinne has laid out a bunch of pretty earrings and I like three of them, blue glass and clear glass. I would like to have them. She has them out over my outfit, making it hard to get to my things. I look in the mirror. I open the top button on the blouse and say, "I like it a bit open like this, what do you think?" She agrees, but is still reserved and negative. The outfit feels heavy and cumbersome, but I like it. I feel the hem line at my ankles. Something about a person from India (like Chopra? I better beware of them). (262 words)
#2632 (1993-11-13)

I tell my mother I am going to church. She doesn't really approve. I am Murphy Brown. I sit in the front row and the minister is two twin women who sometimes look like a two-headed woman. She is preaching. I see Uncle Lionel and I cry, because he is dead. I leave the church to go out and try to be near him. He is sort of invisible. He hands me a poster or flyer or letter he wrote before he died, which is a narrative of his last days. I cry and cry because he was a good man and I will miss him. A young man is there, maybe like Abner or Arthur The story is that young men were musicians and they carried some disease and Lionel got it. Gasp: does that mean Lionel had AIDS? I thought he had cancer. I am assured he didn't have AIDS. He then describes how he and Aunt Elaine escaped from a nursing home and went off to the coast to fish until he died. I loved his rebellious spirit and his sweet humor. He felt sad for the young men who didn't even know they had the disease. (200 words)
#2633 (1993-11-14)

I want to attend a seminar, like the Chopra one. I line up very early to get a good seat up front. Then I am told it is being held in another spot and I go there to discover I'm a bit late and only get a spot in some other more distant section. It even requires another entrance at another field, called "Hunsaker "or something like that. I start to try and find the place to go and am told I have to take a shuttle bus thing there. As I am going to the bus stop, I tell some woman the story of how people resent people with disabilities and tell the Chopra story of the woman who said, "You have kind of an advantage, don't you?" I find a bus stop, but I'm not sure this is the right spot and I do not want to miss the bus. One comes from the wrong direction and stops and I run over to ask the driver if this is the right one or not. I nearly get hit by the bus as it pulls up to the stop. It is "articulated." He looks down at me and I can't seem to understand him, whether this is the one or not. I finally decide this is the one going to the station and go back to my spot to wait. The seminar seems so distant now. [BL] (237 words)
#2634 (1993-11-15)

I'm in a big gym and finished for the day. It's time to go home. I take my clothes I want to change into, a more informal, sexy outfit. I go to the gas station to change in the restroom and see that Jerome has taken over the place and is busily and energetically setting up things for sale. It's a fundraiser thing, I think. I walk around the premises looking for the restroom. I change, to a red tank top and a blouse. I look pretty good and feel comfortable. Now I'm walking to the car to leave. Jerome calls me into a room to say goodbye. He and I had been antagonistic and attracted to each other. He leans me into a wall and presses his full body against me and kisses me. I respond, which surprises him pleasantly. I want to show him I am sexually warm and responsive. Now he has me pinned to the wall and is working at getting me excited. I feel manipulated and pull his hand away from my vagina. I say, "No." He hints I am a prick tease. I say, "No, I just want it to be real, not for games." I walk away with mixed feelings. After all, it felt delicious up to a point. I write his name on a line in a book, last name first, and rewrite it in red ink because it wasn't very clear. (240 words)
#2635 (1993-11-18)

I am laying in a bed and my mother and Corinne and Dwight are there. We are talking. I say to my mother, "You and my father, but mostly you, are very injured people. I don't know how you stood it all this time." She smiles and agrees it has been hard. I say, "You could work on it; it would be hard but it could be done." She agrees. Then she asks what I want to do, and I say, "I want to live on an island near a big city and do my writing and my art work." My mother looks at a painting of a wooded area I did and says, "It is good work." I feel warm and appreciated and acknowledged. (125 words)
#2636 (1993-11-21)

I realize I'm going on stage in 45 minutes and I thought I'd have my script with me, but I won't. I say to Jock sheepishly, "I haven't memorized my lines." He is very upset and disgusted with my lazy unprofessionalism. I pick up the pages, hanging on a wire, each page in a plastic sheet protector, and go away with the intent of committing it all to memory in 45 minutes. I do it, but it is very intense and concentrated work. (83 words)
#2637 (1993-11-21)

I am in a nice neighborhood and intend to walk home. As I walk, I notice I am headed toward some railroad tracks and trains and see I am now in a dangerous neighborhood with black people all around. I am alone and walking along a railroad raised area. The black people are running around like in a riot. I am blocked and trapped in this dangerous area. (68 words)
#2638 (1993-11-21)

Now I am going to the bathroom. A black family is in the area with me. The father doesn't approve of me. I say, "I am going to a show at the United Brethren Methodist Church," which is black. The mother approves. The children, a boy and a girl, about 12 years old, or 10, like me. We roller skate together, the boy on my right, the girl on my left. The scenery is breathtaking: horses, wide open spaces on the right. We get to the church and they take me to a small office room where a going away party is going on for a white woman who is playing a character of mine in the show. They are all very happy to see me. She hugs me; they are very impressed with my work. Now a young man, the actor John Ritter, is in love with a young woman and he courts her. She is going to declare her love of him and she hands him a gift. It's a joke gift that teases him and then she hands him a real gift, a box of baby things and so on. He takes this to mean she is pregnant and they will be married. He is thrilled. They embrace, and I lay next to them on the floor feeling much sadness and poignancy at being this close to that kind of love, but not being involved myself. Now I'm the young man, who is chosen as the "Ron," like a homecoming king at high school. I stand in the back of a pickup and wave to the crowds who cheer me and want me to stay. I want to leave to be alone with my love. I am torn between the two needs. (295 words)
#2639 (1993-11-30)

I am standing in a public bathroom in a health clinic place and combing my hair. I am very upset, because I scratched a sore scab and it is coming off with my hair attached (like my psoriasis of long ago) and I have bald spots. I am looking in the mirror at all the ugly black and blue bald spots and bloody lines where I've scratched them. Maybe my daughter Ellie, or someone like her, agrees to shampoo my hair and color it with dye. My hair is a dark black now. I don't know how I like that (color of June's hair). My blouse and bra are off and now two old men, gay men, get in the bathtub to do therapy together. I feel a bit uncomfortable, being so naked, but think, "Oh well, it's OK. This is a clinic." I turn and am now putting on my bra. One of the old men, now out of the tub says, "I hope she keeps the cleavage. It's great cleavage." I look into his eyes and he has on weird glasses like opera glasses inset into his eyes. I hurriedly try to get dressed. There is another room where patients are being treated, mental therapy. I am pacing. I am now a man. My friend comes in and asks where I am, even though I am pacing right past him. Other people (women) in the room laugh. I say, "Vagina," and a man laughs archly, "Aha." I am upset he misunderstood me and say, "No, not that meaning. I was trying to explain about a woman being pregnant." [BL] (270 words)
#2640 (1993-12-01)

I am in my wheelchair and going down the sidewalk. I go to a building and take a sealed envelope in. It is crowded and not easy to get around, so I go to a man who works there who is typing things. I interrupt him and say, "I want to turn this in. It's that scratch sheet or questionnaire thing." He takes it and I say, "It's not too accessible here." He looks around; he's a very busy man. I say, "I've been here for concerts before and it is hard to get around." He is trying to figure out how I can get in, as the tables are all set up in a huge square in this gym-like room. I say, "It's OK, it really is accessible, but I don't want to be there" (for whatever boring event it is), I just brought the paper by. I leave and go home. As I enter, a small boy is standing behind a large dog, a Great Dane kind. He is pulling on his back legs as the dog is eating his dinner. It looks like he is humping the dog, but he isn't. I laugh. I hear the teen kids talking about football practice, they love it, twice a week, and how they can get their mother out of the house or otherwise engaged when the football kids come so she won't embarrass them. She doesn't like or understand football. (241 words)
#2642 (1993-12-10)

I and Valerie are sitting in a chair together and my mother is seated in another chair. she tells a story about Jake when he was a baby. She relates that someone noticed his tail wrapped around her breast when he was nursing. I suddenly say, "Oh, what an incredible metaphor." She looks at me suspiciously, with huge eyes with enormous pupils, and says, "Is this going to be profound?" I sigh with frustration. She never understands. I try to explain, "When other people say 'space,' you hear that you are at fault." She does not understand and I am frustrated at her again. (104 words)
#2643 (1993-12-13)

I am in a room and there are alien beings in human form. They capture me and put me in a room to lock me in. My young boy and younger girl are with me. I see many bright yellow ripe bananas on the floor. This will be our food. I go to a window because I hear the sound of a monkey, apparently being enticed there by the bananas. The enterprising monkey opens and unlocks the window. I have a way of escape. The male alien comes in and I stand in a way that hides the monkey. I don't want him to know I can escape. He leaves. I now gather up papers on the floor and find one with money paper clipped to it, odd denomination bills, like $7.50 or a $13.50 bill. I am choosing what ones to give the children so they will have the resources with them as I send them out to get help. They leave and Rochelle is now in the room. Another woman is there and she asks Rochelle how she's doing. Rochelle says, "Oh, I was very presumptuous. This man was teaching the first grade and he made a mistake and I assumed that meant they'd fire him and I'd have the job, but people are behind him and supporting him." I admire her honesty. She has on a blue denim like poochy cloth hat with a bill on it and has several sets of lips, or several shades of lipsticks on. (252 words)
#2644 (1993-12-15)

I am in the very roomy back seat of a chauffeur-driven limo that Nate and Cate Evers own. We are just driving around and Cate is talking about feeling depressed, even tough she has everything. I talk to her like a counselor, saying, "I know you know all this, being counselors yourself, but the problem is..." and I go on. Nate shows me a poster he made with a series of pictures of children crying. One is crying so hard she looks like she is beaming a laughing smile. Nate says, "She's finally taking a breath." I agree that is hard to observe, the child crying so hard they don't breathe. I notice the area behind the back seat is a huge room like a trailer house. I go back to explore a bit. I notice the chauffeur is in a black uniform. He's male and a bit overweight and large. The steering wheel is in the center of this long roomy front seat. Now we get out and go right into a building where some religious women are training the children. They turn them upside down and spank them harshly. The children are crying and crying. I am appalled and say to her angrily, "This is abuse. What are you doing?" The woman says they are training the children. I say, "You sure are...training them to be docile and to accept whatever you give them spiritually as the truth. This is shocking." I turn and go out to the front porch and as I leave, I turn and say to her, "When we die, I will go to heaven and you will go to hell." She sneers and says, "You have no hell" (meaning no religious beliefs that are real, like theirs). (293 words)
#2647 (1993-12-16)

Another person and I take a shortcut across the lawn. The grass is filled with fallen apples, very pretty. I worry a bit about getting caught, leaving wheel tracks across this beautiful lawn. We go downstairs to make Xerox copies of words and letters, the alphabet and so on from some long document. Then I look on the wall to see where the copies are being kept. I find the right hole and take out the copies to examine them, wanting to make sure that when I put in the letter "c," I also go the capital version as well. I did. There is something about time travel and magic. (110 words)
#2648 (1993-12-18)

My rooms are very cluttered and messy. Some women friends come by to visit and peek in and start to go away because it is such a mess. I call to them and say, "I've been cleaning it up; come on in." They do. Now I am at a doctor's office. A man like Billy Crystal sits on a toilet and gets some procedure up the ass. He now understands what it is like for women giving birth and so on. He is surprised at the pain. Now I am going on a drive and read an account that thousands of starlings are in the area. I want to see them, it would be beautiful and interesting, but I add, "Not where I'm driving, because I could get into a wreck." I'm driving along the coast. I stop and see a small boy crying and adults trying to explain things to him. A woman says, "He wanted a cone to eat." I say, "I have one." She says it's OK to give it to him. I go down a ramp to him and show him the ice cream cone, which is filled with sticky cactus-like things. He's eats it all. I am amazed. As I go back up the ramp, walking, I notice some of the sticky cactus things are stuck in my flesh. I pull a long thin thread of one out of the palm of my hand. Then another one and several others on my hand. Then the woman, like Hillary of Merton Circle, says, "You are bleeding," and I see a hole in the palm of my hand with blood drops coming out. One drop falls to the floor. She assures me I'll be all right. I keep pulling these things out of me. (297 words)
#2650 (1993-12-19)

I am teaching a kindergarten class. My daughter Dovre has been working with Madonna, the sex queen rock star. They come to visit. Dovre's face is all covered with makeup and I am a bit shook up at how different she is. I try to get her and Madonna to behave well in front of the children. Now Ellie and Charla and a baby boy are there and Ellie makes a mess and I demand she clean it up. She refuses and I get furious and slap her face and fight her and scream "bitch" at her. Others have to drag me off her and take me away from the children because my behavior is not OK for them to see. They ask me to cool down when the children are there and I am so furious I can't. Later, Ellie comes to visit me again. I tell her off and call her names. This hurts her feelings. I don't care. I am so upset that I now have my house moved around the corner and bushes are grown around the door so in case I go off the deep end about Ellie again, the children will not be exposed to my behavior. This upsets me because it is Ellie who creates the problem. I am merely reacting to her, and it's my life that is getting changed. (228 words)
#2651 (1993-12-20)

I am trying to clean up the mess in my rooms, reorganize my things. I find a box of muffin-like cookies and bite into one. It is sinfully delicious, with puffs of chocolate on top. I get sexually excited and want to make love. I yell to someone to send Melville down to me. I go into another room and a woman insists she wants to make love to me and this angers me. She's like Howard in her crass insistence. I push her away. I call again for Melville. I go upstairs to find him and he is an ugly thing with a huge jaw that protrudes out and a part of it falls off his face. This is repulsive and I change my mind. I go back downstairs and move dishes and jewelry around, trying o get things to be where they belong so things are more functional and useful and pleasant to look at. (157 words)
#2652 (1993-12-28)

I walk into a room with two bathtubs and a shower. A man is taking a bath in one tub and I decide to take a bath. I then decide to shower. I get in and am wiggling around to get all the spray because it feels so good and warm, and I know the man can see my movements through the glass shower door. Then suddenly the shower door slides open and two naked men come in to rape me. I bite and kick and scream, "Stop it, stop it." I then see myself from behind and see the purple welts I have (from the arthritis and bunches of single strands of course black stubby hairs growing out of my butt. Not very pretty. I wake with my voice screaming, "Stop it," in my head, very loud and realistic. Nightmare quality. (142 words)
#2653 (1993-12-28)

A boy and a girl are going to do a bit of a speech from a play I wrote to show this man. The boy says, "I'd like to put in an explanation here," and I say, "It's not necessary. If you'd do the bit that I wrote just before it, it will be clear." The man questions me and I explain if he'd do it as I wrote it, it would be fine. So the boy starts. They ride off on a tricycle and I say to the man, "It went too slow. I didn't write all those words." He smiles and doesn't quite believe me. Then a woman interrupts, asking if I was the one that sold the beads. I say yes. She opens a backpack to look at the beads. I am seated on a couch and start to scoot to the other side to give her room to lay out the packages of beads. I am now smooched clear to the other end and she says to me, "Your girls said you were the one that kisses." I said, "I'm the best kisser." The girls do it too soon. The woman, who now is like a figurine on a trapeze with glorious beads all over her, is demonstrating different patterns and positions. I am impressed. The man is kneeling at the side of the couch near me as we were in mid conversation and interrupted. She says, "I'd like to kiss you." We'll then see. I say, "You would like to kiss me?" I continue to watch as se shifts into another dazzling display. I'm still trying to form the rest of my explanation to the man while being intrigued by this woman's transformations in crystal beaded color. (292 words)
#2654 (1994-01-17)

I am on a boat. I will be traveling for several weeks. I left a place of danger and change. I ask the Captain where my room is. He gives me a number and I walk down narrow halls looking for the room. I open one door and see the back of someone's head. Nope, not my room. I keep walking. The boat is old and wooden. The paint is chipped and peeling. I find my room. It is filled with a couple of old junky metal beds, twin size, and an ugly purple overstuffed chair. Boxes of stuff are laying around, crowded and junky. I start to clean it up. I am sorting piles of papers and so on. I decide to go to the storeroom or the ship's library to get other nicer furniture. I go in and see shelves of video movies. I decide I could watch a movie a day with all this selection. I go back toward the room. Now a man like Chevy Chase likes me. I am attracted to him. I am laying on a berth in a room and I motion to him to come up and join me. He is standing next to a black man and the black man looks confused about whether I signaled for him or for Chevy. I do these elaborate signals to confirm it is Chevy I want. I want to make love to him. Even though we are in a room with other people around and would be exposed. (254 words)
#2656 (1994-01-18)

Abner comes to visit me. I am sitting on my single bed. He comes and sits on it as we talk. Then he tries to come closer and I open the covers and say, "Come on in, it's OK." We lay together, still talking. We cuddle and as we talk, he lays down the opposite way and pulls me on top of him. I am sitting up looking down at him. We are talking about the V family. I say to him, "I'll probably spend the rest of my life thinking about how the V family has influenced me." The dysfunction and the ways they taught us we were not good enough through negativity. Then I say, "You don't agree with me, do you? You don't think they were bad?" He says no, he doesn't agree. I say, "I know they meant no harm. I love them and always will, but the style of communication was negative and nonsupportive." He shrugs and says he doesn't agree. Now he gets up. Somehow the nearly sexual postures we'd been in feel uncomfortable for him. He walks around. (185 words)
#2657 (1994-01-19)

I'm in the old west and there is an gang, all men and one woman, two old men leaders. They'd worked together for a long time. Now there is some discussion about change. Should we keep everything the same or change things, a remark about whether this man would play with the dog on the right side, where it always had been, or whether he'll be in the fire, if it is moved to the other side, or if we'll be in the 60's (which is new times). Now they have some respect for each other. They sit around and one man says to the woman, "You've changed. You're better at your job now." They take turns complementing each other. There had been friction when they all started. The old guy, like Harry Morgan of Mash, starts to feel sad and he goes off to visit the graves of the two leaders who were killed in the recent fight they were in. He's going to commit suicide and join them. He's on his horse and on the edge of a raging, swollen creek. The horse jumps in and then he jumps in. Now the gang is searching for him. I see the woman with a blind white cane feeling the bank. She's hip deep in the water, carefully searching. The narration feels that she is blind but methodical and will not miss finding the body if it's there. Behind her I see a wooden log in the shape of a crocodile coming up behind her. (255 words)
#2659 (1994-01-28)

Arnold Swartzenegger is in the water, like an ocean, and a woman is swimming. He grabs her legs by the ankles from underneath and drags her down to drown her. She struggles, but he is clearly too powerful for her. Another man is watching and Arnold, after killing the woman, goes deeper and deeper to get away from the accusing eyes of the other man. (65 words)
#2660 (1994-01-28)

I go to the ocean and stand on the beach and look out. The water is gone. I am shocked. I see only the foamy stuff left on the sand. This is terrible. Then I turn and walk away. I see a huge bunch of dried bushes pulled together and know this is where the bad guys are hiding. I torch the dry bushes and burn the bad guys out of it. Now they are coming at me and I have a pistol, maybe a .22. I fire bullet after bullet into this one man in a white shirt. He keeps coming at me. I keep firing. I feel bad about having to do this, but I am determined to protect myself. (122 words)
#2663 (1994-02-01)

I am in a living room, apparently mine and my new boyfriend and his 4-year-old son are with me. I am seated in an easy chair trying to clean up the area around me. It seems that lots of Charla's toys and junk from Ellie living there are piled up in the corner. The boy wants to play with his toys, but there is no room until I get the other stuff picked up. Now Ellie comes in and wordlessly starts picking up things. She pulls down the Christmas lights from the wall and other old decorations. It is way past Christmas. This is encouraging. I say I want to talk with her. The boyfriend realizes we need privacy and says he'll go to the other room for a while. Now Ellie and I sit side by side on another couch and I am very angry at her and I am slapping her face, only now Ellie is a tiny baby and I slap her face over and over. Now we decide to go upstairs to my bedroom for more privacy and Ellie leads the way upstairs. It is hard to walk up the stairs and the entry way is a cubby hole, not a door, which makes it physically hard to even get in. Then after we hunch down to crawl through, we have to step on a rickety ladder of sorts built up with like video or CD cassettes in a wooden rack which my boyfriend had built for me. That angers me too. Why did I choose such a difficult entryway to my own comfortable and nice room? [BL] (271 words)
#2665 (1994-02-07)

Ellie comes over with Charla. She says she wants me to baby-sit her so she can go out to breakfast. She seems shy and hesitant. I think, "Well she might, after all we've been through." Ellie comes over to me, her face soft and child-like, and starts to hug me. Then she curls around me and wants to nurse, pulling my breast out of the bra. I am shocked. I say, "What are you doing?" She says something like a 4-year-old child might. She nurses. I know something is very wrong and don't know what to do. I remain calm. The sexual feeling of the nursing is beginning and I know she has regressed to some childhood place and I want to support her, but this is so odd. I can't do much other than tolerate the moment. I try to pat her and lay my arm around her, but I am not genuinely being her mother as a 4-year-old might want. I gently distract her from the nursing. It is clear now Ellie has a severe mental regression problem. Charla is clear and direct and her own energetic self. My mother calls me asking if I'd found the first aid papers yet. I say, "No, I have a real big crisis here and haven't had time to look." Ellie wraps her body around me. I say to her, "You are a 25-year-old woman, with a child. You need to act like one." Ellie doesn't seem to notice, she's so off in her own world. I know I have to have her committed. I'm not sure how to do that. [BL] (270 words)
#2666 (1994-02-08)

A "secret pal" came into my rooms the night before and painted lovely mural-like pictures on my walls. They aren't done yet. I am very surprised and pleased. Then Rosemary comes in and I realize it is her art work and she's pretending to have just dropped by. I show her the paintings, yellow in one room and blue in another, designs on the wall, sort of sketched in some places and fully done in other places. I am mildly curious why she chose to do this. It is ironic since she and I haven't spoken since the Mexico trip. Maybe it's a peace offering. Now I have a white dresser with a mirror on it and some pictures I want to take to the sidewalk "Saturday market" kind of thing to sell, only Rosemary has painted part of it blue; thick blue paint. I realize this will make it come down in value. Ironic, eh? Rosemary was trying to help. I decide it was never painted in the first place. The blue disappears and it is pristine white and valuable again. I get it down a full flight of stairs and onto the sidewalk. I place the paintings around it. Rosemary is there with me. Some young college age women come by and are interested. (216 words)
#2667 (1994-02-10)

I am at a party with old high school classmates, a reunion. I walk past them and they nod acknowledgment, but we never interact. I feel sad about this. They don't really care about me. Ernie and Ginny are around somewhere. I look in my little purse to find a lipstick. I take out some old glasses and other things and lay them aside. I find somebody else's lipstick and keep it. It has a double tube, only one side of it has lipstick in it. I put it on and look in the mirror. It is bright red, with a black outline partially around the lips. My lips look full and luscious. I decide I like this color better than the washed out pink I usually wear. (128 words)
#2669 (1994-02-16)

Charlton Heston is a director on a movie and I am hanging around. He calls me over and asks me to evaluate a scene he is going to shoot. I am very pretty and young. I look over the scene: a pond where groups of men are set up in twos and threes ready to ambush the hero. I notice that they are all attached with a rope. I decide this is a "one," a highly difficult scene, because of all the elements. I tell Charlton and he is pleased with my answer. He is now flirting with me and gently maneuvers me into a quiet room and finds an excuse to shut the door. We chat and I am aware of sexual attraction. I know he is going to make love to me and that he is married, but this is OK with me. I like him and am attracted. He lays down on me and I am pleasantly excited and expectant. We manage to get out of our clothes and so on. It is all sort of innocent and one-step-at-a-time as I watch him maneuver the whole thing. Now I am his assistant director and mistress. It all seems OK and nice. (204 words)
#2670 (1994-02-16)

My brother Dwight is dressed up in a nice suit and has received a guitar and a banjo for his birthday. He sits for a moment in a manual wheelchair that is in the room. I comment to him that my father was pleased that he's enjoying his birthday gifts. Dwight asks how I know, since my father didn't say anything. I said, "It was in his face, his expression. I could tell he knew you loved sitting in the wheelchair." Dwight says, "All I did was sit." I say, "I know, but I could tell Dad could tell you loved the gift." Then, as Dwight is making a chair out of the cardboard boxes, the gifts came in by folding them on the perforated lines, I say, "You know, I had a guitar, a mandolin, a fiddle and a banjo." Dwight says, "Really?" I say, "Yes, but I sold some of them." He asks, "Why did you?" I say, "I was poor. I needed the money. I was a student then and on SSI" (Dwight says the SSI word with me like he's heard this story many times). I only got $1450 a month and I had to save $100 a month for the kids, for child support. Dwight says, "It doesn't matter anymore." I say, "Doesn't it?" I clearly think it still matters. (225 words)
#2671 (1994-03-03)

Howard keeps a photo of an old wedding. He says the bride is his sister-in-law and his sister a bridesmaid. I look and see that it is Dora's wedding photo. She is the bride and Sonja is the bridesmaid. I look to see where I am. I am off to the far right half, hidden behind other people. Or maybe I'm the tiny one off to the far left. I'm not sure. Now my daughters come to me. Paulina says she belongs to a group called the "Trauma Survivor's Group." Dovre says, "Yes, all three of us have been hurt." I now have to go to Howard and ask him if he ever did anything harmful to the girls. I don't want to talk to him, but I must, to get to the bottom of the situation (story?). (138 words)
#2672 (1994-03-04)

I am sitting in a room, watching TV and wearing my bathrobe. Women from the community college, like Charlene B, come in with leftover sandwich fixings from a lunch. They have a leftover sandwich that's "juicy" and full of all the fixings they are giving me. I feel a bit embarrassed about being caught lounging around in a bathrobe and watching boring TV. Now I go into another room and I am talking to a daughter, maybe Jock's daughter Megan. She's sort of my daughter, Dovre, as well. I say to her, "I am a bit worried about Jock." I quickly reassure her that he's fine; it's just that maybe he doesn't really know what he wants to do. She sits up high on a bench up in a corner and moves some of my things off a table so she can eat. It's almost like the place she's sitting is suspended up in the air, half way to the ceiling in a corner. I am a bit annoyed with her for moving my things. (175 words)
#2673 (1994-03-12)

I am in a house and the landscape is black and toxic as though black clouds came down and covered the ground. I want to walk over to Dora's house (two or three down the way) and am warned not to walk on the black clouds because they won't hold my weight and they are poison. So I find some cement beams like a curb side and I walk on it to the house. I go in and find Dora vacuuming and cleaning house. I feel a bit uncomfortable and apologetically say, "I've done that kind of thing too, sort of." I look out the window and see a black, toxic cloud sky coming towards us. It fills the entire sky and then suddenly it passes and a brilliant green, fresh spring landscape is there. It is beautiful and I want to go out, but I don't quite trust it, having come from the black cloud formation passing over it. (160 words)
#2675 (1994-04-29)

I am in a house and there are lots of people there, a party. They are having a great time. I am on the phone talking to Archie I am trying to think of things to say to keep him talking to me. He is annoyed, in fact, angry at me. He says, angrily, "You are better than this, trying to manipulate it so we are alone. I don't like it when you do that. You know better than that." He hangs up on me. I feel terribly hurt and rejected, numbed by the pain of it. I turn and people are cheerfully calling out to me to join the party. I try to respond to them but it is very difficult. I go out to the back yard and something about Charla only having her diapers on. I see her and see she has an outfit of clothes on and looks fine. I comment that she is fine, perfectly and properly clothed. Her "mom" and "dad" want to stay at the party and I want to leave, to be alone. I tell them they can stay as long as they want. The "dad" says, "But she only has one diaper. We'll only be able to stay as long as it lasts." I shrug; not my problem. I try to leave. I feel weighted down with the sadness of Archie's rejection. [BL] (231 words)
#2679 (1994-05-05)

I am in England. I apply for a job as a counselor or facilitator at a house for the severely disabled. I note there is not elevator and a full flight of stairs to get to the bedrooms. I talk with the owner of the house, an older woman. She says there is a bedroom downstairs I could use. They are glad to have me there. A man, a professional man like a lawyer, lives next door, across the street. He comes over and is impressed with me and likes me. I want to show off my skills for him. My parents are in the background somewhere. So I have the disabled kids form a circle. I am working with a boy named DJ or something like that. He can't speak but manages to respond to me with his eyes or a subtle movement where he seems to get closest to me somehow. This is progress. I ruffle his odd, two-toned blonde hair which is partly pretty and partly coarse. I compliment his pretty hair. This makes him feel good. I am being successful. (184 words)
#2680 (1994-05-07)

I am a busy traveling professional, on the circuit. I am tired and go to bed. A nice man who is there, one of many, to help me, is in bed with me. I am a bit uncomfortable, but curl up on the pillow and try to sleep. As I lay there, he becomes interested in sex. His hand starts exploring my breasts. I keep my eyes closed and think I hope he can find where they are (meaning I am embarrassed that my old age has made the breasts sort of slide off to the side.) He is hesitant and then moves on. Now he kisses me. I am thinking, "Oh oh, now what do I do?" when I notice it is pleasant. Each step is pleasant and we end up making love. His penis is short and stubby. I stroke it with my hand and he says in a gasp, "Are you sure you should do that? I'll only last about two minutes that way." I smile because I realize I want it to last longer. He says to me, "I am surprised you allow me to make love to you, you're a professional and important and I'm just an old boy from Texas." I say, "But you are a nice old boy from Texas. You are kind to me." I smile and say, "Lots of them have asked, but you're the one who is really nice to me." (241 words)
#2681 (1994-05-07)

I am on another planet. An alien and I are comparing notes about relationships and love making. He hands me cards like 3.5 floppy disks with symbols on it and he is interpreting them to me. He says for them, they just spontaneously fall in love. If the one they love is gone or doesn't reciprocate, they have the joy of suffering the unrequited love. It is an honor and a joy to live with this all your life. As we are talking, he is struggling to withhold from me his sudden spontaneous love for me. Then he lets it shine out and I am startled and overwhelmed. He shines in his intense love of me. He thanks me for the opportunity to suffer this great joy. Now I'm teaching him how to kiss. Other officers from his race and mine are upset and then realize this is the best way for our races to become friends and know each other. (161 words)
#2682 (1994-05-11)

I am furious at Ellie and we are in a big warehouse-like house with cement walls and large empty rooms. I see a leak near the wall and yellow urine-like liquid is coming in and filling up all over the floor. I go from room to room and realize the decay and mess this place is in. A train goes by and the back rooms tremble as if they are about to collapse. I come back out and slap Ellie repeatedly on her face. I am filled with anger and know I shouldn't be doing this, but don't want to stop. I hit her and hit her, calling her stupid and lazy. I feel no remorse. (116 words)
#2683 (1994-05-13)

I return home after being gone for a few days. Dovre and Ellie are there, Ellie is a young adult, Dovre is maybe 7 or 10 years old. I ask several times, "Where is Paulina?" They don't answer and finally I get worried. I demand to know where Paulina is. Ellie flirts with a young adult native American man, pulls his waist belt and they walk off. I realize Paulina is in trouble and Ellie is refusing to answer to me. I yell at her and demand to know. She just leaves with her man. I realize she is going to marry him and I don't even care to rescue her. My concern is Paulina. I ask Dovre who finally says Paulina is in the hospital and so is Charla because Ellie abandoned them without food or water or help. I am appalled. I walk and walk down the city streets looking for the hospital. Dovre comes with me. I ache and hurt terribly and am driven to get to my girls. I get there and walk down hall after hall until I'd gone full circle and found the admitting office, which is right near the nursery. I look in to see Charla as a tiny baby, maybe two years old, screaming in fear as a nurse tries to work with her. I also see a baby girl with a huge extended vulva and scratch marks on her little thin legs near the pelvic region. I realize she's been sexually abused. I want to rescue Charla but must find out about Paulina first. I ask about her and they tell me the room she is in. They want to know where I've been and why wasn't I around when the girls needed me. (293 words)
#2684 (1994-05-14)

I am in a car and tiny blood sucking vampire bats are filling the car. I tell the woman driving, "Keep driving and turn on the light." I try to shoosh them out the broken windshield on the passenger side. I am sort of in the back seat. One little fuzzy bat grabs onto my hand and sucks blood. I feel nearly overcome by sleepiness. This is very dangerous, because if I fall asleep, it will suck me dry. I try desperately to stay awake and turn on the light. (90 words)
#2685 (1994-06-17)

Patricia comes up and says, "Quick, get dressed, the Merton Circle is meeting again." I'm trying to get into a dress which is tight and I realize it's a plastic sack. I'm not able to complete dressing. A man who loves me comes by. I hold a wee baby and exclaim how very sweet it is and want to keep it. I hold it tenderly. I now walk with the man. His love for me is intense and undeclared. I lean into him showing him the baby and he is overwhelmed by his love for me and can barely refrain from embracing me. I innocently tell him about a conversation with a woman I had where I wanted to keep the baby, but she told me I shouldn't because a man loved me, I just don't know it yet and I should be open and ready for his love. This nearly overwhelms the man in his love for me. He wants to declare it and is afraid to. (168 words)
#2687 (1994-09-08)

I am alone in a space ship millions of miles out in space. I see another space ship. It is probably an enemy. I am laying on a sort of gymnastic leather "horse," staring up at the ceiling which has lots of toy wooden whirligig things. They are colorful. I am in suspended animation and struggle to awaken when two large, ominous-looking men beam into my spaceship from the alien one. One is bearded, black-haired, tall and muscular. I don't know if they are dangerous or not but decide to get them out of there just in case and mentally will them beamed back. I manage to do it. Now I must maneuver the spaceship cleverly to evade them. I fly under them so that can't get their bearings on me. (131 words)
#2690 (1994-09-13)

I am traveling somewhere and see a beautiful vista and want to stay and take pictures. My lens isn't clean, so I try to clean it but it only smudges more. I struggle and struggle. I decide I need to find a photo shop to get it repaired and I decide to spend the night in this little resort town, in the mountains. Now the scene shifts and I am being initiated into the army kind of a thing. I am going to be whipped by the men as I pass. I carry my own whip and I fling that whip around so quickly and strongly that they can't hardly get near me. After this, I am given a sign that says, "I have balls" and another sign that says, "I am a bird that birds love." Now I go on up the mountain. A narrator sort of describes how some people meet with bad times and some with good times. I see a tidal wave coming and a woman is killed by it. I see a man, a family member of mine standing at a spot where the tidal wave uncovers a wall of gold bricks (like pyrite crystals sort of). I am rich. (205 words)
#2691 (1994-10-04)

I am wheeling down the sidewalk, going to the You Can Gym to workout. I see a young woman with dark hair in a wheelchair. She greets me and says, "You come by here often now." I say, "Yes. I workout a lot at the You Can Gym." Eric comes up smiling happily to see me. His hair is full and curly. He wears a spiffy suit. He says, "Have you seen my wares?" He refers to a box of ceramic things he is selling. A man is there and Nate is trying to do the salesman thing, very positive and creatively trying to get the man's interest. It isn't working, the things aren't all that terrific and the man doesn't want them. Nate seems to be trying to impress me. There is a black kitten, like my furry pouch in there somewhere. Now I see Dora. I have two paper plates with a squishy, messy paper napkin in between the inverted plates. I use it like a shutter bulb on a camera. The thing is my camera. I want to take a picture of Dora. She hides down behind a plate glass window barrier and is squatting. She is going to take a good healthy dump and says, "Hey, don't take a picture of this." She says it's going to hurt and she will have to push hard, but it will be worth it and she'll feel good after it is done. The pain is like the bearing down pains of childbirth labor. (254 words)
#2692 (1994-10-06)

I am with Mirabelle. She is in the garage looking around and complaining that Ellie has left the clothes in the washer and a mess all over. She says, "Can't she see what needs to be done?" I am annoyed at her and say, "No, that's the point, she can't see what needs to be done, so she is unaware of what she must do." I walk back into the house and now am experiencing some terrible gut pain. A personal assistant dark-haired woman is smiling at me and solicitous. She insists I get up and sit on the piano. I don't want to, but I do. I am crouched over my belly, kneading the painful spot and the woman is smiling and suggesting I relax and so on. I am angry at her and deep in the pain and I let the pain be there on my face; I don't hide the pain. I groan and say, "Yes, I'm in pain, terrible pain." I start to crawl off the piano and ask Mirabelle to give me an arm for balance. I step off onto the foot pedals of my old wheelchair and ease down off the piano. Mirabelle is being very helpful and lecturing me that I should tell that woman what I think and feel about her treatment of me. I'll feel better when I do. I am now angry at Mirabelle because it is her, not the other woman, that I want to say "back off." So I say angrily, "I am telling my feelings. I want you to leave me alone." She gets sarcastic and smiley like I'm mistaken. I say, "Let me get around you" (a narrow hall). I push my way around her. (289 words)
#2694 (1994-10-07)

I am walking up some steep stairs to an attic storage room to see what the guys have stored up there. There are rows and rows of soda jerk equipment, and way in the back a bedroom for a man. It is rickety and the railing is loose, and Pete P wants to protect me. He has a bed sheet and is trying to lay it against the railing side, so I have something to hang on to so I won't fall. By the time I make it back down, he has it arranged. I'd gotten down by myself with him trying to help, but not really being helpful. He comes to me and hugs me gently and lovingly. He loves me. Then I start to realize he is transforming. He is black with red eyes, an entity and I am afraid. (142 words)
#2695 (1994-10-07)

I am in a ward with physically and developmentally disabled people. They are wandering around crazy like. It is scary. I don't fit, so I go to the next room where the intelligent crazies are. They are men. I hang out with them. I am crazy too, I guess, or I wouldn't be there. I get a phone call from Derek. The line is static and hard to hear, and then the crazies are being noisy and I keep trying to understand what Derek is saying. He's trying to explain about his Chevy. Then he is angry at me and gets sarcastic, "Being in the head B. Just can't get in the heart, huh?" I say, "Stop it. Stop it." "Just tell me, B, I need you to be in the heart and I'll happily go there. I feel attacked and put down when you ride me about it." He is so distant with the static. I feel frantic trying to connect with him. [BL] (164 words)
#2697 (1994-10-08)

I am sleeping in a hall on the floor, in a suit of some kind. I wake up to find Ernie standing over me, watching me. I am surprised. I fall asleep again and three times wake up to find him watching me. He's in a blue business suit. He has made a decision. He is going to have me for his second wife. He goes to his wife, and she says, "You've decided to move." He smiles and says, "Yes to Posner" (meaning a town where I live). This sort of is her way of saying she'll go along with his scene of having two wives. Now I am his wife and am about to meet the other woman who will be his other wife. She is a sophisticated woman. I feel shy and unsure about how all this will go. She smiles at me and looks over to where Ernie is standing off in the distance and says confidentially, "He sure dresses badly, doesn't he!" I giggle and say, "Oh yes," and she smiles and says "Well, we'll see about that." I say, "Oh, that's just the way he is. Won't do any good to try and change that." She feels confident that she has some tricks of the trade that will fix it. I feel unsure about all this and a bit like a failure because I didn't have any tricks of the trade like that. (239 words)
#2699 (1994-10-10)

Mirabelle is walking and we are going to the park and talking about her having a baby. I see I am on a motorcycle racetrack thing, a dirt bike kind of track. I get back on the road. I go to my doctor's office to get my file. I have some questions. I take my file with me. It is full and I realize I never even asked permission to take the file. Now I am looking through the file and decide to call the nurse and tell them I have it. I see the Dream Group is forming in the other room and they are starting the dream work. I want to be in there and realize I don't have to make this call. I hang up. I look outside and see rain clouds, dark, thick, heavy ones all around. It is an ominous, powerful sky. I enter the dream room and suddenly I am consumed by a fierce, powerful force. It wells up from within me. I am expanding, ferocious and somewhat alien. Claude sees this and stands back in awe. I am all powerful and I grab his shirt front and pull him up to me (he was sitting on the floor) and say, "I'll make love to you later." I plop him back down and survey the room. (222 words)
#2700 (1994-10-13)

I'm in a room talking with three volunteers for MIUSA. One woman is from England, another woman from India and a man from perhaps Australia. The woman from England introduces herself and says, "We should get acquainted. Let's take a coffee break." I am distracted because far off in another room a man is sleeping. He had proposed something to me, perhaps relationship. He had offered me a ring and I had refused it but I am fascinated and want to go get the ring. So I keep putting the woman from England off with excuses about being busy, or it's too early to take a coffee break and so on. She persists. Finally, I say, "No. You go on ahead without me." They do. Now the man is saying he has a pager, do I have a pager? I say no. He says, "I'm trying to collect as many things as I can for when I go back home." He leaves. Now I drive my chair quietly to the far off room where the man is sleeping. I sneak up on him hoping I don't wake him. I open a small box and find the ring in a black pouch. I also find another ring of mine and an amethyst crystal. I gather up these things and sneak back out. I go back to the room I had been in before and open the pouch to examine the ring. I am drawn to the ring and to the man but I am hesitant. There's maybe some Howard energy around the man. (262 words)
#2702 (1994-11-01)

An alien female is transforming me. I am lying down in the front seat of a car. I am very afraid. She starts at the top of my head and as she slowly moves down to my feet, my bones and body change somewhat painfully, being pulled into another shape. I am now Eva Saint Marie, blonde, beautiful and elegant. My task now is to go to an audition. It is a small coast town and the local community theatre is putting on a play. The director has some important contacts in Hollywood and somehow I, the dream ego, knows Eva will be the right one. Eva goes in and he sees her and instantly knows she is the one. She is elegant, a certain aura or presence that indicates how very special and talented she is. He comes to her right. He is huge, twice as big as her, and puts his hand on her knee. He says, "Act sexy." She takes his hand off her knee, looks him in the eye, and then tosses her hair around and looks sexy. He says, "You've got the part." She's on her way to stardom. Now she/I goes to her home. She doesn't recognize it as the alien arranged this all, but she knows it's her new home. It is a small cabin behind a big house, very simple and economically furnished, a small refridge, a bed. A man and a small girl live there. They are her family, I guess. They simply are there, living, waiting as she goes out into the world. (263 words)
#2703 (1994-11-02)

I am very attracted to Dr. Fleischman. He is attracted to me. There people around us so we shyly hang out together. He begins to kiss me and we start necking. Only our faces are turned toward each other. The bodies are not turned to lie up against each other. I miss that connection and so does he. He says, "Let's lie down," and we lie down together on a table. We kiss and feel sexual desire, and start to make love. Some angry girl is watching. I'm going to get in trouble. I leave and the next day I am telling a group of people that I spent the day doing something else, in an attempt to protect Dr. Fleischman. Only he doesn't understand I'm trying to protect him and he gets hurt and angry at me for pulling away from him. (143 words)
#2704 (1994-11-04)

There are twin babies and they both shit their diapers. I lay them both down on the floor and start to clean up the one on the right. The one on the left is annoyed and says something about not liking to be last. I try to tell it that I'll get to it as fast as I can. I get the diaper off and the butt is really disgusting with runny shit. I wipe and wipe but there's more and more, and in frustration I pick the baby up and take it to the sink and wash it under the faucet. It is nicely clean now. (107 words)
#2705 (1994-11-04)

I have a huge house and my parents are there somewhere. I have invited several women to stay a while and they and their sisters from a sorority are moving their stuff in. I had seen them on the sidewalk looking for a place to stay. I say to my mother, "Not all these women are staying." Meanwhile two men are moving in. They want to know where to put their cereal. I show them the shelves, "The bread here, the desserts there." My father is concerned there will be so many people there will be no room for us comfortably. I point out this is a big house. The women will live on the top floor. There is, I realize, another huge recreation room complete with kitchen down the hall, so our nuclear family setup won't be over run. I see an alcove and am looking for a place to set up mailbox, pigeon holes in a desk and a hutch. I open a drawer and see kids' toys. At first I try and hide them from Charla so she won't come mess them up and lose them. Then I tell everyone, "This is the playroom and everyone needs to be responsible and put away each game after they are done and be sure not to lose pieces." Then I feel OK about leaving them there, as several adults are there to supervise and I don't have to be responsible. (241 words)
#2706 (1994-11-07)

Paulina is around and I am thinking of getting a different bed; the one I have is a mattress on the floor and a headboard. I am gathering up my many bottles of medicine for my cold, sore throat stuff, and getting ready to start the medicine regime because of a sore throat. (53 words)
#2707 (1994-11-07)

I am in bed with Aunt Rosalie and her face looks like mine. Uncle Gus comes over and sits on the bed and I watch Aunt Rosalie's face as she is obviously in love with him and she looks at him so lovingly and wistfully. I confront Uncle Gus, who looks young, and good-looking. I say, "Did you molest me?" He looks surprised I would ask that and avoids answering. I say, "Then did you do it to other cousins?" He hems and haws. I then say, "Well, you did it with Darcy." He accidentally agrees. I've caught him. Then does that mean he did it with me too? He worms around and puts his arms around Aunt Rosalie who seems to only be focused on wanting him. (128 words)
#2708 (1994-11-10)

Derek and I are like counselors for two groups. He's with one group and I'm with another. I want to spend time alone with him, but that's impossible. I try to get our groups together so they can help each other out. I see an old man/tiger wandering around a bit lost. I call Derek over to see him and enjoy the pleasure of watching a human struggling with their process. He comes over and we both look down a flight of stairs. The tiger lies on his back and I see he's becoming sexually excited by a young woman. Several strings come out of his penile sheath. I encourage him to go look for a woman to have sex with. He then decides to look around and find one. Now I see Derek and move him to a room where we can be alone. He and I are both standing and I lean on him and hug him, wanting to make love. He stands tall and distant and it is clear he is not interested in me sexually. I am very hurt and run from the room crying. I want to run far away where he'll never see me again and I will cry and cry. But I choose to go to the house next door where his group originated. Both these houses are rotten and old and in bad disrepair. I go in, careful to step so I don't fall through the floor. I know he'll find me soon. I cry. (253 words)
#2709 (1994-11-11)

I go to a street corner to meet Derek and friends. We're going to a potluck or the park or something. He wheels up, and I hear a narrative voice saying he paid $160 to help his friends get food ready and maybe they won't show up. I feel bad for him, going to all that trouble for possibly nothing. It doesn't seem to bother him. He wheels up and we greet each other happily. I am holding a sweet baby and cuddling her. Now we're going to go on and go to the park and continue, friends or no friends. I am walking and become aware that this is a dream, because I don't ordinarily walk. Realizing this, I decide then that he can walk too and he is now walking. I see his tennis shoes all stiff like, but then he is walking. We are entwined, my arm around him and his arm around me. It is close and intimate and warm. Then, he's back in his wheelchair and invites me into his lap. I and the baby curl into his lap and we laugh and hug. Now we're at the table and I feed him "his food" and he feeds me "my food," one forkful. He only eats half of it and I pause, thinking about possible germs, and then shrug and finish off the bite. (229 words)
#2712 (1994-11-13)

My mother decides to ride in my wheelchair to see what it's like, with me. She sits on my right side and I must carefully turn off the joystick so she doesn't accidentally push it and we careen off out of control. I want her to sit on my left side and we're on the wheelchair lift and it is going up and down out of control and I'm calling out to two children playing and to my father and another man, perhaps my grandfather, "Help. This is an emergency." I am getting more angry. They do not pay any attention. Then I realize I'm sitting on the lift control panel and am making the lift go up and down myself. I stop it and we go down and I drive off the lift. (134 words)
#2713 (1994-11-13)

Lucy, Mirabelle and myself are going to do a program for teachers in a school. We come early and wait all morning until lunch when it's time for our program. This is annoying. A small orange and white striped kitten is with me, perched on my head. Mirabelle has a black and white one. I like the kitten. It is playful. A small mouse and the kitten are being used to demonstrate a point to me. The kitten eats the mouse and then lets it back out unharmed. I feel a bit uncomfortable and nervous for the mouse, but the mouse is OK. [BL] (103 words)
#2715 (1994-11-16)

A little girl is getting ready to go to school. Her mom and others are fussing about making everything just right. She has an elaborate hat and dress on. A little boy, her brother, is feeling neglected. He plays a card game and runs away to get attention. No one at school likes the little girl and a woman, like Aunt Naomi, says, "Maybe you are just trying (working) too hard." She takes the hat off and turns the dress inside out so it isn't so fancy. I, the dream ego, think, "Boy, what an amazing coincidence. The dress is reversible like that and no ugly seams show" Now the boy has run away and someone on a huge motorcycle is taking him for a ride. The motorcycle has a canopy on it. Later, I (adult) get on a motorcycle to go find him. My mother is riding on the back and I keep trying politely to get her off. I'd say, "Here's a nice place you could stay," and she'd say, "Why would I want to stay at a place that looks like an aircraft carrier?" (a huge apartment complex). I take the wrong turn. I go the left fork. My mother says, "The gravel looks different here." I say, "You're right." I made the wrong turn and I go back to the fork to go down the right fork. I had intuitively felt it was the right way, even before my mother spoke. (245 words)
#2716 (1994-11-17)

Derek kisses me. I am disappointed because his mouth is hugely wide and it doesn't feel good. He French kisses and it is intense, our tongues intricately intertwining. I feel him have an orgasm and I am untouched with sexual passion. It feels very cold and self-serving. Now I am being chased by him and other people. I run for my life. They are gaining on me and then I am backed up to a huge barbed wire fence. I turn and fight hard, without guilt. It is simply necessary to defend myself. I box kick and do karate moves. I force the fence into a man's throat, so the barbed wire is poking his throat. I demand they open the gate. It slides open enough and I dart across "no man's land," a railroad yard, tracks and mud. A "living" box car is trying to run me over as I try to race across the land and over the tracks. It moves like a cartoon creature out to get me. I cross the other fence on the other side and run like hell. The landscape is dismal and frightening. I turn left and am in a hall-like place like the storage unit place. I duck into a storage unit where green plastic upholstered dining chairs from a 1950's style are stored. I sit in one and slide the door partially shut and tremble in terror. [BL] (236 words)
#2717 (1994-11-17)

Derek is the king and now I am the queen, only now Derek disappears and I am prisoner in the palace, all these men wanting to control me because of my power. My little girl and I have a secret bathroom we can go to in a house trailer. We have potty bowls. She has to poop, I have to pee. My dress is ornate and formal with the official queen logo on the front. As she and I wander around, I cover the logo and my face so no one will know I am the queen. (97 words)
#2718 (1994-11-19)

Bonnie and I are in a pickup truck traveling back home and she stops and grabs a small calf and kills it, throwing it in the back of the truck. She does this a second time, explaining that the baby calf was pregnant anyway and would have died. I am very upset and say to her, 'This is cattle rustling. At least drive away from the door of where you stole it." She drives a ways and parks right in front of an old broken down, rotting house. I hear a mean couple arguing. I want to escape there, but sit in the passenger seat, not doing anything. I see Bonnie use a knife to cut open the pregnant calf. She says, "See, I told you it was pregnant." (129 words)
#2719 (1994-11-26)

I am somewhere, supposedly at my place of work, only it isn't. I want to pee and try to in a bowl; it stinks and is exposed. A woman, perhaps Maren, follows me around. I am annoyed. I try to clean things up a bit, wash a dish, move a bottle to the sink. Then I go out into a large warehouse-like area and toward an open door. The woman moves ahead of me. I see the tip of a huge, black, shiny, pretty and dangerous tank. The woman steps out and is killed. I turn and walk back through the long huge warehouse building going toward the back exit. I am aware that maybe I should check and see if the woman really is dead, but that would be dangerous to me. Maybe I should warn other people, but I don't. I decide with a bit of guilt that I will call people and warn them after I get to my office, my place of work. I see cupboards and cabinets and think about hiding in one of them. I realize that is what I usually do in a dream, and decide not to do that this time. I find the back room, where two men are working, stacking wood furniture this company makes. I pass them without a word and go out the back door and around the corner. I look to the right and see the back end of the black tank which now looks like a large fuzzy black elephant, the same kind of fuzzy as my purse. I then run to the left and go up some steps to another building where my office is, only it's not my office and nobody is there and hasn't been there for a long time. [BL] (297 words)
#2720 (1994-11-27)

I am at the coast at a seminar thing. A lecturer, a famous man, is preparing to lecture. I've been to several of his workshops and am returning for this last one. I see I'm early, maybe a half hour early, and not many people have arrived yet. It is outdoors and I decide to secure myself a place near the front on the grass. I lay something down on the ground because the patch I choose is a bit muddy. The lecturer tells me to move back a bit, as he'll need more room to conduct the lecture (like a symphony conductor). I move back; I am annoyed. He didn't have to tell me in that cold way; I'm quite willing to be helpful. Now it's over and I and the other women are returning to our home, only when we left home to come to the workshops we were girls and had left our toys out. When we returned, we were women. I start to put away the toys, only I still want to play with them and decide it is OK to keep them around for when I feel playful. Then Ginny calls and says she's booked us for a weekend at the coast to attend this really neat workshop entitled "The forest and the river." "Maybe," she says, "you're all tired out from the last workshop and don't want to go." I say, "No, it's OK." Then we can stay Saturday night and just have fun at the coast the next day. Ginny kind of hesitates, then agrees and I realize maybe she hadn't planned to pay for both nights. (274 words)
#2721 (1994-11-28)

I am in a house. Derek is there; it is late at night and I am tired. I go lay down in bed and close my eyes. Suddenly, Derek has transferred into the bed and puts his arm around me and I put my head on his shoulder. It feels very cuddly and restful. He rolls over so he's over me, but not on top of me, and we talk for a while. I fall asleep and then wake up. He is out of bed and in my parents' bedroom looking for something in the closet, something he may have left there, or maybe he's taking money of my parents'. I don't know. Then he is gone. (117 words)
#2722 (1994-11-28)

Charla and Deirdre are both the same age, rambunctious children. They are being noisy and not minding and so I say to them they have to lay down in bed and be quiet for 10 minutes; then they can go play. They simply will not stop. They'd get out of bed or talk and giggle. I am furious. It's a power struggle. I go over and spank them each four times on the butt. This doesn't stop it. I start slapping them on the face, hitting them over and over and insisting they mind. They simply do not understand why I am being this way. I am stone cold angry. I have a point to prove. This is discipline. Mirabelle comes over and talks; she wants me to be lenient. I am angry at her for interfering. An old lady comes by and wants to talk. I am firm and almost rude to her demanding she leave as I have no time for her now. I relentlessly keep slapping the children and they irrepressibly keep disobeying. It's a horrible feeling of being caught in this ugly angry space for principle's sake. (191 words)
#2723 (1994-11-29)

I'm going camping and packing things up for the trip. The girls have tossed in a bunch of their underwear without trying to neatly pack it. I stuff things in a duffle bag. Bonnie suggests we take something pretty to wear for Saturday night. I say I have some thing, but I don't really want to party then, I'll be too tired. Dovre, younger, maybe pre-teen, decides to go explore a ship on the river. I watch her go in and then get concerned. Is she safe? I go to the ship and pound on the door. There's a surly captain and rough-looking crew men. I ask if anyone saw Dovre come in. They shake their heads no. I demand to see the Captain. He comes to me, looking mean and noncommittal. I ask him if he has seen my daughter. He says no. I say, "She came in here." He says, "I'll ask the men if they've seen her." I suspect they are hiding her and intend to rape her later. I say to him firmly, "If you are a man, you'll ask your men that question with authority behind it. If you care about her safety, then they will." He smiles coldly. I don't trust him. I say, "If you don't genuinely try to find her, then I'll get the police." He says, "Id rather you got the police. The men wouldn't like it if I acted that way" (concerned for the girl). I say, "Fine, I'll get the police." He says, "I'll go with you." We walk toward the police station. We sit for a moment and I say something like, "You're just half a man." (279 words)
#2725 (1994-12-02)

I and some other Americans are on the cliff face trying to find a treasure or something valuable. The Russian crew is following us, watching, perhaps video taping us. We pretend the treasure isn't there and go on looking at another spot. Then we rush back to the original spot. Now a Russian team on the opposite canyon wall throws a basketball. This is a challenge. I manage to catch it and say to the Russians near us, on our side of the cliff, "See! ONE! One point." I am being victorious because the score is being kept in American language, not Russian. I now try to throw the ball. It is heavy and I don't get it airborne very much. It falls, I see a poof of smoke and then someone else on my side almost catches it. (139 words)
#2727 (1994-12-02)

I am in a house, which I think belongs to Cousin Leroy, who is married, only he loves me. He has a younger sister or niece who is not being responsible. I follow her out to the sidewalk where she has a sort of wooden box like a cupboard or desk combination. I go through the mail and papers. Some other woman with me says, "Here, see? She owes volunteer hours at the Y." "What does that mean?" I ask. She says it means she hasn't paid her bills. This is the proof we need for cousin Leroy to confront her. Now I am writing down what he should say on yellow post-it notes. It says, "Because you have not been responsible, you will have to move out." I follow my cousin into the house. He is sitting on the couch. He grabs me affectionately and pulls me into his lap and we kiss and cuddle. I hear someone walking down some stairs and struggle to quickly get out of his embrace so we won't get caught. He is married, after all. He won't let me go. He listens and says it's his father and he's going outside, not through the living room where we are. The thought is there that maybe I'll be his second wife (meaning simultaneous with his first wife.) (223 words)
#2728 (1994-12-03)

I am attending a math class, college math or something. I am attracted to the math teacher and I'm also angry at him. He is flippant and puts me way far away from the regular classroom students who are younger than me. Or else I choose to sit far down the hall, maybe a combination. I decide to leave and I gather up papers and decide to take with me photos of him even as I am telling him I don't like him. I pile them all up and know that as soon as I try to leave, the papers will all fall and make a mess. So in playful defiance of him, I go to his cupboard and take out three rubber bands. He mocks shock that I knew where they were and that I'd have the audacity to take them. We are flirting even though we are pretending to dislike each other. (154 words)
#2733 (1994-12-07)

Jean-Luc Picard is captain of the space ship and a woman is an officer. Jean-Luc gives me a present, pictures of theaters, like The Shakespearean Theatre. I say, Thank you," but am a bit puzzled why he'd give them to me and a bit disappointed it wasn't something I liked more. I appreciated that it was in the Theatre area of interest, but it's a bit removed from writing and creativity. Now the ship lands on a planet where we rescue the inhabitants from an underground building they'd been locked up in. They are all women and they are clones of each other. There might be different main types or groups. They are docile and unemotional. Now a big bad guy in black, like a Roman Centurion costume, comes into the picture. Somehow we are in a confrontation and he has set it up to where every time we demand something from him, we will have to hurt one of the women, who are now referred to as goddess. We'd demand information and he'd refuse to give it and a docile semi-comatose goddess would walk up to be punished. But we decide rather that each time this happens, we do not hurt the goddess. We cut him. It only takes once. He sees some blood near his nose and whimpers and lays down like he's dying. (226 words)
#2734 (1994-12-08)

I look at a building that is being built out of a rock face of a mountain. I say, "Hey, it's almost done, you can hardly see the rock face at all." It's a brick and glass building now. I walk toward it and a man comes out from the left to greet me. This building is like the University Admissions building and this man is an administrator type. I say, "That sure looks great." He asks if I'd like to go see the inside, even though it's not completely finished. I say sure. We go to the door, which is heavy and hard for me to open. The man is not helpful, and seems hesitant to even want me to go in now. I get the door open and go in. I walk up some stairs. Portions of the floor seem warped even though this is a brand new building. I go around a corner and see booths like Saturday market indoors. This is City Hall and all the departments have booths instead of offices. The first booth I see is the New World Theatre Booth. A man there, an actor, asks if I know where Derek is, because he'd really like to work with him again. I say, "I'll tell him. I'm sure he'd like to do that." I go to the next booth, a woman and her husband. I think they do costumes. (236 words)
#2735 (1994-12-08)

Derek and I are going to have sex. It is a very complicated ritual. I have to lay a certain way. His wife is coordinating and assisting all this. She brings me a wheelchair with cushions in it and places it over Derek who is laying on his belly on top of me. I'm now supposed to get up and sit in the wheelchair. I don't want to. I think all this is unnecessary. If all these people would just go away (Ellie and Kyle are both there, each in their own pickup truck), things would happen naturally. I try to tell Ellie to leave and I'd find a ride home myself later. She gets out of the truck and refuses to leave. She is being protective of me. Derek gets confrontational with her, saying she's done this sort of thing before (been hostile or refused to do what he said, or something like that). Some woman is perched on the bed to our right in the upper corner; she is just sitting there. (174 words)
#2739 (1994-12-16)

I am outdoors and cooking some stew on a burner of a stove. Or my mother is and I go stir it. Clothes are laying all over the stove and I am trying to get them off the burner so they don't catch on fire. Corinne is talking about something. She says, "Communication sure is hard." I agree and say, "But it's worth working it through." Then my mother says, "Then I suppose I have to tell you (Corinne) what Sue said." I can see they are going to have a hard time working through this without getting angry at each other. I try to help out. I then look up in the sky and see my father hang gliding. He does it every day, for his health, like exercise. I lose sight of him and then find him again and wave. Then I see the sky is filled with hang gliders, hundreds of them. Some of them are landing in the huge river in front of the stove. (169 words)
#2740 (1994-12-16)

I'm taking a shower with Marshall Peters. Somehow this is working with the clients together. The shower stream of water is very thin and weak. Now I'm showering with Lucy, only instead of us doing it together, we take turns. I lather up with thick globs of shampoo soap. I am dressed, so when I lift up the blouse and rub my tummy, I get the dress wet. in spots. Then I eat something. Then Marshall comes in and talks about his client, who is a mess and does everything wrong and can't keep herself or her house clean. I realize with surprise he's talking about his wife. [BL] (108 words)
#2741 (1994-12-18)

There is a huge warehouse room and inside are screaming, terrorized people being mass murdered by machine gun fire. One of the bad guys, a woman, comes outside, because it is so horrible she can't bear it. She fires one bullet out of her machine gun in the general direction of others like her that are doing the killing. I sense that if she gets stronger, she will be able to defend and stop the mass killing. Some blood seeps out from under the door jamb. An umbrella with a spot of blood comes out and then a young teen woman in a yellow lace and satin knee-length prom dress, wrapped in a plastic bag, comes out. She will suffocate if she can't get out of the bag. Another young woman comes by and tries to untie the knot on the bag saying, "I'll undo the pie." The feeling is one of distance. I don't see the carnage, only small spots of blood and they are in a room. But I know this distant terror is real and could become close and be felt. (184 words)
#2742 (1994-12-18)

Derek and I arrive at a house. The meeting will start soon, maybe a dream group meeting. Some of the people are arriving. I can't get my car parked. The gate is locked and I'd have to get out and unlock it. I'm across the other lane of the road where the road curves downhill and a car is coming, so I move the car to a rocky spot. It won't fit. I turn around and someone gets in and I get out. They will park the car. Now I go in. Derek arrives and comes in. We greet each other with a kiss and quickly we are passionately kissing and want to find a place to be alone to make love. We go to several different rooms and find a bedroom. We make love. I hold his head in my hands. It is a small head. I can't see his face well. He is feeling only down to his chest. As we wriggle around he groans in pleasure with pain. I ask, "Am I hurting you?" He says, "Yes, but it is OK," as it also is the orgasm. We desperately want each other. (195 words)
#2743 (1994-12-18)

Derek and I are going to make love. A young girl, maybe Charla, is there. I'm sending her off to her room. I need to go pee. I ask him, "My place or yours?" He says, "Your place." I go find a toilet and pee a lot. Then this bathroom connects to my bedroom. I go in just as he is opening the door to the bedroom from the hall. He is standing, wearing a tank top and some leotard-like, flesh-colored outfit, like he's naked, only he's not. His legs don't move, and in fact I don't see legs. He's sort of stiff. We make love passionately. Now I go out and see Derek in a car. There are five cop cars in a line and his car is right behind them, a perfectly safe place to be. Another man is in the backseat of Derek's car and he opens the door and invites me in. I get in, happy to be alone with Derek. I curl up with the other man who says it's OK to press back against him if it's more comfortable. Derek gets out to rearrange himself and his assistant helps him back into the car. We are going to be together and that makes me happy. [BL] (211 words)
#2744 (1994-12-19)

A small "grandma" mouse is in danger. A snake is coming toward her and will swallow her whole. I am concerned and squeamish. Then the snake thinks to itself, "I'll try a different approach. I'll go slow and hypnotize her and then pounce." He moves slowly toward her, head on. She watches. I want to call out, "Run. Run." Then the snake goes inside her mouth, instead of swallowing her. She has the opportunity to save herself by biting off the snake's head. I am squeamish because I don't want to watch or hear it, but she doesn't do it. Her mouth is a huge "O" shape as the snake puts his head inside. (114 words)
#2746 (1994-12-19)

Storm Kennedy and I are looking at a pile of photos and magazine pictures I've collected. We go into another room. A man is there and I park my wheelchair next to him. He is going to explain some financial matter to me. He asks if I have any popcorn and I say, "Yes, I do." I go to the counter across the room where there are many, many small drawers, like in a kitchen. I look in each drawer and discover I'm out of the microwave popcorn packages. I see a few piles of spilled popcorn seeds, but it would be too much work to pop them the old-fashioned way. In another drawer are more magazine pictures and photos. I pick up a sort of radio earphone thing, but it's not what I thought it was. It was supposed to be a " _____ticket". (145 words)
#2750 (1994-12-22)

Sparky wants to plug in a string of Christmas lights that have a short circuit in them, or rather the switch in the wall does. The lights go on and off. I suggest she try another switch or plug in. Kenneth comes in dressed in a graduation gown, a witch's hat and funky platform-heeled shoes. Sparky is a bit taken aback. I say, "He's like that," somewhat proudly. Kenneth grabs the string of lights and says, "Let's try plugging them in over here." I am pleased he has the same thoughts as I do and acts upon them. Now he's hungry and wants to eat. He grabs a hamburger from a buffet bar in the center of the room and another one for Sparky. She says she doesn't want it. So he puts it back and places two sandwiches there. A fat, bald baby is sitting there and she takes a huge bite out of the sandwich. I go to her to stop her from eating Kenneth's food. Her mouth is overflowing with mayo. She's sliding off the high chair. I have a bag in my left hand and am trying to keep her from falling off the chair and keep feeding her too. I wonder why I didn't think to put down the bag so I could use both hands. Then a man is laying on the floor. His face is pudgy and bald like the baby's. He says he's joined the Marines. I say, teasing, "They only want a few good men," and he and I say together, "but if you're not a good man, they'll make your life hell." We laugh. [BL] (274 words)
#2754 (1995-01-05)

A deaf female teacher/star is being sued by her husband over the lyrics of her song. The school board makes a ruling. She and the husband drive to the school to get the decision. A hired man (agent or something) is driving the car. There is a circle cul-de-sac and on the curb is the board, who are playing a tape of the song. This somehow is an embarrassment to the woman singer and she's pissed. So as they drive around the circle, she says to the driver, "Do it," meaning speed up the car, drive it up over the curb and over the lawn and through a sculpture; destructive. The driver pleads with her not to order him to do this. He says, "Please. I'm asking. I'm begging you. I'm demanding. I'm refusing." She stiffly and angrily orders him to do it. Against his own wishes, he then starts to obey her. Some woman (perhaps me) in the back seat reaches over and grabs the wheel and they fight as the woman tries to force them to not hit the sculpture. They crash and someone, the driver or the woman, is now walking alongside the singer, screaming at her angrily! "Damn it! You could be the most kind, helpful, loving person in the world with all the gifts you have and you choose to be destructive and mean. Why? Why do you do this?" She won't listen. She's too haughty and angry. (243 words)
#2755 (1995-01-05)

The boys go into my parent's house, which is very like the one they were in, in E City. Now a sister and mother are sort of like robots, with earrings that light up. They see the boys and the boys say to the mother, "Fuck off. just shut up." The women are surprised and, in fact, let them go. (60 words)
#2759 (1995-01-08)

I am a feisty old woman and my daughter is trying to run my life. I meet an old man and we are going out on a date. My grown grandchildren are watching, feeling happy for us. My daughter is sour and disapproving. I am like a pixie, choosing a video from a stack of them and deliberately misplacing them, mixing things up. Now we sneak out for the date and come back two weeks later. I say to my daughter, "We got married." She is shocked and then I laugh and say, "And then we got unmarried." It's like we got married to distress her and then got unmarried to be more naturally who we are. [BL] (117 words)
#2760 (1995-01-08)

I'm pumping iron and decide to up the weights to 50 pounds. I hold in each hand a huge, thick weight. It is almost too much. It is difficult to do curl-ups and then I notice I am making it to 20 or so reps, which is impressive. I am slim and fit-looking in my spandex leotard outfit. I try to go down a flight of stairs with the weights in my hand and nearly fall down the stairs as my balance is not used to the added weight. (89 words)
#2763 (1995-01-14)

Derek is painting pictures of mountains. I am trying to paint one too. I have my palette and see a sort of yellowish color up in the right hand corner, an odd color for the sky. Derek starts to dabble in my colors and I ask him not to. I then awkwardly attempt to paint. I draw a steep-peaked mountain and remember what my father said about how mountains aren't really that steep. I redraw it in softer curves. I discover how leaving some portions of the canvas blank and using that whiteness as a part of the picture enhances the picture. I create many different mountain ranges with some kind of building structure in the left corner foreground. It's pretty good. [BL] (122 words)
#2764 (1995-01-14)

I go to a dating service and see the video of a man named Jim. I am very attracted to him and know that he's the one I want. I make a video of me. I say, "This is what I look like. You can see I'm in a chair, and older and plump." Then I squirrel around in my wheelchair, showing him my energy and personality. I hope he'll accept me. He does, and we set up a first date. I am excited and a little scared. I know this is so right, I am looking forward to it. He comes to my hotel/apartment. I meet him in the lobby wearing a yellow satin prom dress kind of thing. It is awkward and OK. (125 words)
#2767 (1995-01-17)

I am vacationing on Hawaii. I look forward to the beauty. but things keep going wrong: the wrong bus, we get stalled, we can't find the place. I discover it's just a tourist trap. Finally I leave and then decide to return, thinking I can find some small corner near the beach where I can enjoy the ocean and surf and beach. I know I made the wrong decision, but I do it anyway. I find a rundown neighborhood. The tourist fancy buildings are off on the horizon, but I can't find the ocean. (94 words)
#2769 (1995-01-21)

Robert Redford has been out drinking. He comes in late at night and I am already in the hide-a-bed. I am not asleep, but pretend to be. He stumbles in and decides to lay down by me on the bed. He is married, but we are attracted to each other. He lays down across my belly, mumbling to himself. I feel him begin to have an erection. He is sexually excited about being close to me. He is upset with himself for feeling this. "Damn," he mumbles. "Usually, when this happens, I dance. But maybe she doesn't want me to dance. I don't have any idea. I don't have any idea. I don't have any idea." He is whispering to himself and then he curls up around me and gently, softly kisses my shoulder, chest area. Then he begins to gently kiss the chin bone and jaw, moving up to the lips, and I am consumed with a raging, pleasurable sexual desire. I wake up startled, like I'd somehow bailed out too soon, out of automatic response. (177 words)
#2771 (1995-01-21)

I am in a car with a mentally retarded man. He is driving. I feel wild and spontaneous and I dare him to drive across the Golden Gate bridge. He does and the more dangerous he gets in his nonawareness, the more I like it. I encourage it. We go across lanes, spin around doing 360's and so on. Later, I order him around telling him to go get the car. He finds it where he crashed it in a field, and sees a round, gashed-out dent in the rear fender area. He opens the door and sees a young preteen girl who is cute, with long bushy hair. She is the woman's younger self. She's not so wild, simply alert and open and fun-loving, a healthier version. I then see the puppy of the dog that goes with the woman, also innocent, frisky and cute. Now the teen woman decides to go steady with the mentally retarded man. The ritual is to get a special going steady kit which is used to clasp the 2-inch wide band of yellow plastic webbing around the wrist. After it is fastened, her mom comes out and is very concerned, not asking directly, for fear of riling up the teen woman, but still worried she's making a mistake. (215 words)
#2772 (1995-01-21)

I am in a house like the M City house. I've decided to do a Shakespeare play and Ellie is going to direct it. We are going over the script. I say that already many excellent actors are letting me know they're interested in being in it. It's going to be a very good play (I had typed I'm going to be a very good play by accident). I see myself seated to Ellie's right watching a rehearsal and getting a great idea for a particular bit of business that will be humorous, a special B touch that leaves my signature on the play. I go over to Ellie giggling, and say, "I've had a dynamite idea." I sense the actors on stage are very curious to see if I, the Mom, will simply override Ellie and make her do my idea, or if indeed Ellie is the REAL director. I think, "I hope I can let go if she doesn't agree." I can't wait to do the play. It will be such fun. Some woman notices (back at the M City house) some of the students' papers from class have drawings on them. I chuckle and say, "Yes, here I was all excited about reading the script and I asked them to hand in their papers, because I wanted to get out of there in a hurry, and one then says, "Oh, I have to make a cover," and proceeds to draw a cover with crayons. I sigh, and then laugh, and then say, "I really want to honor that style." Then a young woman comes up and talks about how she doesn't understand Shakespeare, or she doesn't know how to write it, and I suggest she draw it. (290 words)
#2775 (1995-01-23)

I am in a wheelchair and now have a small Volkswagen bug. I have had the front driver's seat removed and am trying to position my power wheelchair there. Now I want to remodel the chair. Why can't it be compact? New technology in batteries can make that part small and lightweight. It can be like a regular chair with small wheels and a tiny foot pedal thing. I go to a place and try to get them to build it for me. There are problems, but slowly the chair is built. (92 words)
#2780 (1995-02-01)

I see a young teen boy (maybe 17 years old) on a raft in the ocean. He and his animal friends are on a mission, like Johnny Appleseed. There is a dog, a beaver, and other animals, including 87 baby tarantulas. When he began this journey, there had been only one adult. Even though he is a virgin and doesn't know how to make love himself, his job is to find the ducks and help them have sex so they will have baby ducks. I see many little baby ducks swimming around. He helps the female ducks sit on the male duck in the right position so the deed gets done. I know this because a male narrator voice is telling these facts as I see the picture. Now the scene changes and I am talking to a woman. She confesses she had another baby boy after Melvin. Although the woman would be Valerie, logically, it is Ginny. I now get to meet the long lost boy, who is an innocent young teen (as above). He has bright red hair. His name is Douglas. I say, "It's so nice to meet Melvin's half brother." He looks surprised and says, "Half"? I look over at Ginny. "Haven't you told him?" "Sorry." So they talk. I say to him, "I am called Auntie. I am like your Auntie." He formally says, "Hello, Auntie." I invite him to hug me. He does, but it's a bit stiff. Then he melts into a more natural hug. [BL] (252 words)
#2781 (1995-02-03)

There is a doctor, then John Laroquette, like Barry S, a doctor-type, and me, a nurse, and we are supposed to work together. The doctor leaves and John is coaxing me to stay and work with him. He loves me and wants me. I am attracted, but he is presuming too much. He has his arm around my waist saying, "And after we have a nice romantic dinner, we can relax and make love all night." I get haughty and say, "Oh, you think so, huh?" Now Fluffy is in my lap and I'm so glad to see her. I pet her and we are happy. Now I see Bitsy Cat is here too. I am surprised, but then I notice she has huge chunks of naked skin where clumps of fur is missing and blood spots. She's injured. I must help her and ask John to help me. He gets a can of antiseptic spray stuff and I try to hold her and spray and now John and I are doing it together and somehow we are laying down together while we are trying to fix the wound on Bitsy Cat. (192 words)
#2784 (1995-02-05)

I make a joke to a woman that I really did a good job with turning on the radio program, when it is a totally automatic job at the radio station. I am in a huge warehouse kind of building. I walk away from her to go to my "room." I turn back around and notice that the van, which I thought I had parked near a wall, had been moved over to another position, AND the vandals had taken off a wheel, stripped off hub cabs and mirrors and so on, which are laying on the "ground"/floor. A spray of water is spurting up from a rupture in the "ground/floor" like a pipe had been broken in the violent dismemberment of my van. I wonder if I should leave there. Maybe I'm in danger. (135 words)
#2787 (1995-02-08)

I am in a car with Bonnie. We are taking the back road. It is a side road which is parallel to the big freeways. It is scenic, there's hardly any traffic and so it's easier to drive on and I get places faster and more refreshed. We come up to a stop sign where the freeway intersects. Now the car is a small airplane. Jock and another man are in it with me and I say, "Shall I fly the plane?" The man, who is at the driver's wheel, starts giving excuses like it will cost 1.15.7 per gallon for the gas and we'd have to go clear over to the gas station, and so on. I say to Jock, "So, are you afraid of flying?" He says, "No, but I know he is." I realize I'm a bit afraid of doing it myself. If I got up there, how would I find this little patch of home to land in again? What if we fell? Now I go into the house and realize it's different. I liked the other house, the one I had before this, better. There are many rooms and so on, but the other house was more spacious and simple, Danish-like in style. There's baby girl and an older girl. They want their bottle. The men want to feed the babies. Where are the bottles? Howard's in there somewhere. (234 words)
#2788 (1995-02-09)

Two nuclear subs are fighting and are going to blow. I start running away so I can escape radiation fallout. I run toward the coast range, up and up and up. Then I'm running up a narrow stairs to an attic. Something scary is after me. I lock the two doors on the stairwell and hide under debris in the attic near a window where I can look out and see the danger. (73 words)
#2790 (1995-02-10)

I enter a room, like a store, and Derek/Darryl is there in his wheelchair. I am shy and don't give him much eye contact and connection, even though I love him. Someone is narrating something about how the one who loves and stays learns more and is richer than the one who leaves. It's sort of my thoughts I am directing toward him. I want him to stay and love and learn. He finishes his shopping and rolls out the door. I say wistfully, "Goodbye Derek." He tosses a curt, distant goodbye over his shoulder as he leaves. Now I go into another room, with maybe clothes, maybe Katrina is in there. Now I am in a shopping mall area and see a sweet 6-month-old baby girl in an open store area. I am very happy to see her. She is so cute, innocent, fresh and happy and sweet. I hold her in my lap and am talking to her. I realize she's being sexually abused and I am telling her with empathy that she will have years of hard work ahead of her to learn forgiveness. Her parents are in the store and neglectful. They aren't paying any attention to her. I want to interfere, but know I can't. The girl baby will have to be unprotected and go through this awful pain and she will eventually prevail. There is a dog somewhere around. (235 words)
#2792 (1995-02-11)

I am on a boat. The planet has been changed somehow. Dangerous aliens have come and transformed things. Ellie is sort of the captain. She informs me she is going to go out there and have unlimited sexual encounters and won't particularly care if she protects herself. I take something she'd been hoarding that would enable her to do that and hide it in my leggings. Ellie is pissed at me. She announces we are about to crash full speed into land. I don't even brace myself. I look out the window and see us coming to land. We crash and are now walking. We find a small hill which has triangles and markings and buttons on it and we realize this is the command com the aliens used. Now a woman approaches. She is one of the aliens. Apparently they used to be mechanical, and due to the crash and emergency conditions here, they had to transform into organic material. They are very unused to being in a body. She points to a small rainbow-colored sort of pony-like creature. I ask, "What the heck is that?" "A horse," she says. I laugh, realizing they had taken their concepts of what animals and people are from a child's book of illustrations, an artist's rendition of reality, and copied that. She shows me other animals. We're sort of in this together. (230 words)
#2793 (1995-02-13)

I am driving myself to a lecture I will be giving at a rich upperclass church. I am self-sufficient and well-dressed. I get there and get out of the van to see that there is a flight of stairs up to the church. I sit in my wheelchair, waiting for them to come out and get me in. They have to pick me up, four men, and carry me up the stairs to the stage. I know they are embarrassed and am glad they have this visual lesson. I sit proud and tall. I look down at the audience and begin by talking about how huge and spacious the room is and how it dwarfs the audience with its presence. I then tell them how distant they are from the stage and how unusually high the stage is from them. I use this as part of my lecture on how they choose to keep themselves separate and distant. I am honest, forthright and kind. (164 words)
#2794 (1995-02-13)

I am privy to being around the President of the United States. He has selected a new cabinet, new things are going to happen, or there is a potential for it to happen. I am introduced to them. They are powerful and I'm not sure if they'll be good powerful or bad powerful. The First Lady comes in and greets a man, one of the new cabinet members, in a old friends kind of way. She waves at his wife, also her good friend. The President introduces her jokingly as the Last Lady. I sit on the floor, cross legged and informal, watching all this and aware that although I am not really a part of it, because I am being permitted to hang around, eventually I'll make my place among them. A woman comes up. I see she has placed a wrinkled brown paper bag on the table near my place setting. I open it and take out a pretty brown and olive green wool suit. I know she is taking me under her wing and is trying to spruce me up, I say, "Thanks," and then say, "but be warned, sometimes I deliberately wear polyester!" To make a statement, I'll dress "inappropriately." (204 words)
#2796 (1995-02-14)

I go to a bedroom that is being cleaned up for someone, perhaps Darcy. I have to pee and sit on a box or chair with stuff on it and pee. Then I quickly try to mop it up with some paper and stuff the paper in a box. My mother comes in and I am very worried she will find out I did this. I take the box out to the garbage so she won't find it. (78 words)
#2797 (1995-02-14)

I am on a "raft," which is really a wooden box floating on a river. This is some college retreat conference and also a tourist shaman experience. I notice the sides of the box undo at the nails and one side falls off. I broke the raft. I take it to the old woman native. She looks at me and suggests I do the shaman course. I don't really want to, but it could be fun. I go, not fully into it with my heart, mostly curious. Mabel is there somewhere. We are floating down a river past buildings where military personnel are living, working and studying. I see one room with women military personnel in a classroom. I see strong, good-looking men walking around. Now I'm in the river and my teacher's helper is supposed to dive and show me how to retrieve the knives he has dropped deliberately. One knife is huge, a butcher knife. Another one is small, a paring knife. I watch and then I go under water and retrieve a knife. The old woman is impressed with me. I am going to be a shaman. (190 words)
#2798 (1995-02-21)

A male dog is a friend of a female cat. She wants to go up the mountain to where the orange cats live. They are called "opal" cats. The dog wraps his tail around her hind legs to prevent her from going. She is annoyed. I ask her how she feels. She shrugs. He's a good friend and doesn't want her to get hurt, but she knows she'd be fine. It would be a fine adventure and challenging. (78 words)
#2800 (1995-02-21)

My male friend and I are standing by each other, very quiet and friendly. I ask him to check my scalp for dandruff. He affectionately searches my scalp and says, "No, no dandruff. Just marks where you've been scratching." I take his arm and affectionately walk along side him, holding his arm. (52 words)
#2801 (1995-02-27)

A champion cowboy has a sweet special champion lamb, with roses on. I like the lamb very much, but it is owned by a trust fund and it will take hard work and perseverance to be able to work through all the red tape and paperwork necessary to make her mine. I'm willing to do it. (56 words)
#2803 (1995-03-01)

Aunt Elaine is mourning the death of Terence. I had driven far to visit her at N City. I am amazed how quick the drive is from Grandma Agnes's house to her house. I go in and she is telling her story of Terence. I see his face. I see hers. She is deeply crying and mourning. (57 words)
#2804 (1995-03-01)

I am a waitress at a cafe. My woman boss is very meek. I tell her to remember she is the boss and I teach her to be assertive. A young couple is at one back table. They are in love. Now the playwright group gathers. Eric has some stuff to share. I see the name "B" on one. He announces he has won a short story contest in an important newspaper. I say, "I am envious," but I also am aware the story is about me, so I'm also happy or curious. He starts to read the story, then pauses and says, "I have finally learned what it takes to write, after all these years. You just write...from the heart." I smile because I knew that and he is absolutely right. I'm thinking this story about me, then, must be emotional and from the heart. This pleases me. Now he reads it. It says "WELCOME, B." in headlines. Then it says, "I find you in many places, in between the thin mucus layers of my ____" (a body part, maybe the nose). "You are in 482 points in my" (another body part), "and in 7008 places in my (stomach lining?)" Then he goes on to describe trees and the (state) scenery and so on. I feel a bit disappointed and comment, "I don't like the ending." It doesn't feel like the story had continuity. How can this story have been good enough to win the contest? (247 words)
#2807 (1995-03-07)

A large house. I notice I'd been only living in a few of the rooms and have many empty rooms I can expand into. I could have an art room, a writing room, a music room. I am having a good time finding furniture to move into these empty rooms. I choose to take the breakfast things out to a table on an outdoor landing. It will be pleasant and unusual. Ginny is there. (74 words)
#2808 (1995-03-08)

Nightmare. I have red, white and blue poker chips and these black men are trying to take them from me. I run away and dive in the river. I swim just to the left of the other woman captive, only I am just under the surface of the water. I know it is a good, safe spot for me. They are looking for me. They will rape and hurt me if they find me, and take away my poker chips. (80 words)
#2809 (1995-03-08)

My cousin Terence is flirting with me. He'd wrestle gently and I'd accidentally fall back on the floor and he'd "fall" on top of me and we'd sneak kisses and so on. It was very pleasant and I knew vaguely it wasn't right, but it was so delicious, I didn't work hard to avoid it. He was an adventurer, a wanderer, and was home for a short while. I was working on a play. (74 words)
#2810 (1995-03-08)

I am married to Howard and have a baby. I am deeply angry at him. I won't let him speak to me. He tries to apologize and make up, but I won't let him. Even though I am bitterly angry, I continue to do my work. I sweep, mop, hang up clothes, and take care of the baby. I am a good wife, but angry. (65 words)
#2811 (1995-03-10)

I read a book that took me along time to get into, but after I kept at it a while, became interesting. It is a series of vignettes about towns, the last one being Mapleton. Now I decide to move to Mapleton. I am biking down the old highway and see a lovely stretch of grass and decide to bike across the "moors" for fun. It's very pretty and pastoral. Now I am in town and finish my errand and am biking back to my new home. My front wheel keeps getting caught in the old grooves of the asphalt and it pulls me a bit, so I struggle to keep on the road. I manage. I cross a bridge. I see I have a long way to go, maybe eight miles. I hope I get home before dark. I'll be tired, but oh well, it's a pretty ride and an adventure. I am munching on carrot sticks. As I approach a railroad crossing, the red lights come on. I know I'm supposed to stop, but I don't. I slow down and look and then scoot across anyway. At the last track to cross I look up and realize the train is almost upon me. I get across and then see the crossing guard bar. I think, "How silly of me to have forgotten they'd be down, how will I get by?" Then I see a way to sneak around the end. I am hearing the nuns chant as they go to seek answers or information from a young mystic girl. She was called a "pronuncio." She keeps repeating over and over, "You can not be plotted. You cannot be dated." [BL] (281 words)
#2812 (1995-03-10)

I have a big, rotting black space on my back teeth. Food is lodged there and a cavity is there. I keep picking at it and bits come out. Finally two teeth have fallen out and chips have been removed. I have a hard time getting my jaw to open enough to inspect it and work on it, but this time as I look, I see the teeth are hard and white and fixed. My work had a positive result. I comment to someone that since I'd chosen to sit in the high chair with the toddler baby girl, I'd been able to take better care of my teeth and they got better. The little girl is lively and cute. The high chair is an old-fashioned, little thin metal one. (130 words)
#2813 (1995-03-10)

I am trying to clean up the messy floor. There is lots of dust and dirt and lint and so on. I start with a broom and realize all that sawdust will be hard to do with a broom, so I get a vacuum cleaner as well. I'm working hard to clean it all up. [BL] (55 words)
#2814 (1995-03-14)

I am at a cabin at the ocean on the front porch. I see a mother cat and her baby kittens, white and black, sort of spotted, striped. I sit and hold one kitten and cuddle it. It is very sweet and cute. Derek wheels out. He's a bit pudgy in the middle, sort of a comfortable teddy bear kind of guy, and I put my head in his lap and we are very happy, sitting together playing with the kitten. It is soft and comfortable. Then it is time to go, to move on, and we go inside to clean up before we leave. The floor is a mess: dust balls, dirt, lots of stuff. I am sweeping with a broom. Derek is trying to clean the floor also. The landlord comes in and is annoyed and gruff, saying we haven't cleaned it all up yet. I am angry at him and we have words. The dream sort of fades out at this point. (165 words)
#2815 (1995-03-15)

I am somewhere, inside. Derek had been there and had just left. I see Lisa (playwright) and she is dancing playfully with a very close girlfriend. They kiss. I wonder for a moment if they are lesbian. A man nearby doesn't approve. I need to find a bathroom. I'm at a University, maybe a building like Autzen Stadium. I go down lots of halls looking for an accessible bathroom. Then I see a book stall where they sell writing things. I see the pens and am now looking for the right pen. I see the cheaper ones and hope to find a good-feeling pen there, but am drawn to the really pretty ones that are more expensive, fountain pens with clicker tops and feathers attached to the cap. They are special pens to be used at special occasions where there are guest books to be signed. But I will use this pen for my writing. I test it out and like the way the wet ink looks on the paper, only it spots a few blue ink marks on my hand. I kind of like that, a mark of a writer. Then the ink thins out and it's scratchy on the paper. Maybe this is the demo pen and I could find one that writes more consistently better. I find a colorful one with iridescent colors, but it has a kind of rough, scratchy feeling when I try it. No good for me. Needs to be a smooth ride. (249 words)
#2817 (1995-03-17)

I am going to N City. I am driving a car and am alone. First I am lost. I can't remember which way to turn, left or right. I decide left, then there are many lanes of fast traffic and as I speed up to merge, I don't do well. A white car is forced to speed up and leap over me. A second car grazes my fender. I am concerned because I could be in real danger here, I almost had two car wrecks. I come to another turn, then a bridge construction where a man holds up a stop sign. I put on my brakes (I had spelled it breaks!), but am not slowing down fast enough. My Grandma Agnes is a passenger and someone else is in the back seat. They are trying to brake also. We are concerned. I pull to the right so I don't crash into the other cars and end up stopped way over the stop line. I am embarrassed at my driving skills. I continue on, a bit lost again. (178 words)
#2820 (1995-03-26)

I go over to Derek's house, worried, because he had called and asked me to come over and I knew he was in trouble. I get to the door and it has been kicked around so that it is in three thin sheets. I get in and see papers and stuff strewn all around. He'd been throwing and breaking things. I say, "Hello." He calls out, "Here." He's in the bedroom. I go down the hall and go into the bedroom. Instead of a regular bed, he is wrapped up in a wet suit material like sack. He's plugged into a sort of bathtub bed. His face is entirely covered with a blue plated mask. I can see an eye peek out and a bit of his tousled hair. He is writhing in pain and sadness. I sit down on the foam, wet sack, and try to stroke him to help calm him. I haven't a clue what part I'm touching, maybe below the break where he can't feel it, or up on his chest. I soothe him and tousle his hair a bit as he wiggles and squirms around, groaning. He lightly kisses me back, near my breasts, and is trying to acknowledge my presence. It is hard for him. I am wearing a pair of shorts, dark blue, and a summer blouse. Sometimes I am naked. It is semi-sexy and very intimate, but the purpose is to assist him through this bad time. He tries to put more warm water into the sack he's in and I feel the coolness leave the sack and it is warm. Then he unplugs his catheter bag down by his feet, which is plugged into the tub drain. (286 words)
#2822 (1995-03-29)

I am in a room where lots of activities are going on, like ladies playing cards at a table, and two women seated, reading, etc. I am there to have a session with my psychiatrist. I call him Dwight. He says to me, "I don't feel comfortable with you calling me by my first name so informally. I prefer you call me Dr._____ because you are a very repressed woman and it would embarrass me to be out socially or in public and have people think we are friends." He then hesitates about wanting to do the session in this room because of all the other people. I want that session, so I efficiently go over and pick up the table the ladies are at and walk it out the door, forcing the ladies to follow so they can finish their card game. I then go to the two women in easy chairs and say to them, "Please try to read more quietly." I feel pretty good about taking care of the situation. I remember the doctor had a tuft of gray hair on one side of his face, maybe his left as he faces me. Others had that same kind of tuft of hair. It's like a bushy sideburn, only growing out of his cheek. (216 words)
#2823 (1995-04-03)

A native American man is telling a story in some auditorium. I listen. He comes up to me later and wants to meet me and get my opinion. He likes me intensely. I have two daughters who are sleeping on a pile of coats. This is a pow-wow kind of thing. He kisses me passionately. He wants me. I am very attracted and turned on, but I hesitate and say, "I have to take the girls home." He says, "We can find a place for them to sleep here." He says, "We don't have to make love now, or anything, but please just stay." He says it with such strong need and desire and love for me. I kiss him passionately. I will stay. (124 words)
#2825 (1995-04-05)

I wake up in a double bed, at Nate's house. He is standing at the side of the bed saying, "Wake up, Barb, look at what I got you." I open my eyes sleepily and look to see the bed is covered with lots of coins, mostly quarters. It is Nate's little joke gift for me. I am very aware of his mother at the end of the bed suspiciously watching my reactions. I remain calm and noncommittal. Somehow, I am their guest for the weekend. My father is around somewhere. I get up, trying to be casual. Nate is now standing at the other end of the room, leaning against the wall talking to his girlfriend. I feel like a fifth wheel. I am uncomfortable. Later, we have a quick moment of aloneness to talk as I try to find my two purses in the airplane to carry with me so no one will steal my money. We can't touch or kiss as his mother is lurking around watching. (170 words)
#2831 (1995-04-13)

Jean-Luc Picard and an "Emperor Boss" are there. Jean-Luc is aware that he is in the present, but there are chunks of his past he is not aware of. He must simultaneously regain the memories of the past and continue to function in the present. The Emperor Boss is a pain in the butt. Then Scotty says to Jean-Luc, "I am a senior trusted officer, why do you have to oversee me too?" It hurts his feelings. Jean-Luc tries to explain that it is good policy to always be examining things and noticing even old trusted ones. (97 words)
#2832 (1995-04-16)

I am in Derek's house and it is dream group time. I see a woman standing with her back to me and I say, "Hi, Lisa." She turns and it isn't Lisa. I feel embarrassed, especially since that might make Derek know I was thinking about him and Lisa. Derek decides to go to the grocery store. Then an overweight man sits on the couch and I sit next to him and then Eric comes and sits on my right. It's very cozy. I am explaining to them what we did at the last meeting that they had missed. I am telling them and then I ask for my notes. Derek is back and he hands me my note pad. I open it and laugh realizing that I thought I'd written words but I had only drawn pictures to remind me. That's not going to help the people who weren't there. Then I pick up another note pad and see writing. I try to read it, but I see I've only written a few words or phrases to remind me. One says, "Three strikes and you're out," then a space and then two other words, "jerk" and another word. I say to the overweight man, "I can't remember what this was about." Derek comes up to me with a silly grin on his face and I say, "What's with the Kirk Douglas grin?" I then look over next to him on his right and see the real Kirk Douglas. Derek had met him in the grocery store and brought him home to meet us. Kirk is interested in me and is flirting. Derek is a little jealous of that and of how I let those two men sit so close to me on the couch. (295 words)
#2833 (1995-04-17)

I am on a big motorcycle (probably a Harley Davidson). I am going down a highway and coming to a bridge. A man on a motorcycle is in the left lane and I feel like racing him so I speed up. He's pretty fast. Then I notice a racing course across the river and I turn right, off the highway and down to the wooden bridge with a break in the middle, for the motorcycle to jump. I rev up and go like hell, leaping over the expanse of water and then landing in the mud and sand trap set there to make the course really difficult. I squirrel around in the mud and sand cleverly, "riding" the ruts left there by other bikers. I am very successful and the head biker is watching with appreciation and interest. He wants to know who I am, so he starts to follow me. I ride away fast to try and lose him. I end up at the University, where I teach, get off the bike, and changed clothes real fast and go up to my classroom and teach. When I return to the bike, he and his biker cronies are there waiting for me to return so they can meet me and know who I am. I hide and listen in to their conversation. I am attracted to the head biker and finally reveal myself to him. We make love. It feels great. (241 words)
#2836 (1995-05-05)

I am reading a report that Millie made for me as her job as my publicist. It is too wordy and doesn't focus on what I want it to. She comes up all happy to see how I liked her report. I sit down and start explaining. I say, "It's great, really, but look, these first two sentences about men's voices and women working for democracy and motherhood, that's the first thing the people will read and this isn't what I'm trying to say. I want them to know about my creativity and my works." She explains why she thought that was a good idea and why she started the report that way. Then I point to the picture of Ellie and Charla and a bunch of other people and say, "You spend pages talking about them and my relationship with them, but that's not the point. My creative projects are the point. People don't know this is my daughter and my granddaughter." Millie feels a bit defensive and I'm trying not to hurt her feelings. Now I watch a woman, like Sally Fields, all cute and perky, who is going into a big office place to retrieve a doll for her daughter. The man boss is asking her questions about her creative talents. She shrugs and says she's too busy with making this doll for her daughter. The man looks at the Raggedy Ann doll and sees it is well made and says, "How did you make that?" She says, as she struggles to put the good one up on the window with sticky stuff on the forehead, "I just saw the pattern and then made it." The man is impressed with her skill, but the woman isn't even focusing and doesn't realize she has any talent. (298 words)
#2837 (1995-05-05)

Fred Astaire is married to another woman. But it isn't working out. I like him and am trying to encourage him to break from old patterns. He is shy and used to routine. There are a bunch of teens he is trying to teach. They are surly and unruly. I am going to go to the opera with Fred, and as we walk down a hall, I hug him, leaning him up against the wall and cuddling. He feels a bit strange and doesn't respond, although he likes it. He is after all still married to the other wife even though he doesn't love her any more. Now we're in the auditorium. He's being loving and trying to encourage the teens. Women are talking about me behind my back. I interrupt them and try to involve them in some sort of gesture game. They start to like me a bit more. Off in the distance, the actors are singing away. Now it's a sort of prison and the guards are after the teens and Fred. I call him Freddie. I sneak into a room where I see Freddie's things arranged like at an altar, only it's at a small sink, few metal round things and some seashells. I decide to put a few of these things down the garbage disposal, realizing he'll probably be upset with me, but somehow this will be more safe for him if I get rid of these things. Only I realize that metal things in a garbage disposal are noisy and will not stop being ground up so it will call attention to the room. I feel a bit stupid. I should have realized that before I plopped them in. (285 words)
#2838 (1995-05-08)

I have a lot of boxes and bags, of groceries and things. I see Curtis Salgodo and he's telling someone that his brothers have decided not to play with him any more as backup band. He'll have to go on alone or with a new backup band. I go up to him and say that I know he can do it, because many years ago, when I began my Masters program, I first saw him with the Night Cats (which should be Nighthawks). He begins to chat with me. I am very pleased, as I am a big fan and in awe of him. He is being nice and interested in me. He asks what my disability is. I say Rheumatoid Arthritis and talk about how I was walking then and danced all night with a brace and a cane. I realize I am building the story a bit, to get him to be in awe of me, or maybe feel a bit sorry for me and hang around a bit more. (172 words)
#2839 (1995-05-10)

I am driving a car up a windy mountain road and park it next to my father's car as he was coming down the road. We are way off in the hills where scruffy hillbilly people live. I see an old rundown house and remark, "I've seen this kind of house before, as in my childhood, maybe living in them." I go in and a man and a woman, the sister to the woman who lives in the house, is being critical and judgmental. She doesn't like the way her sister does things and is telling her. The sister is angry and not responsive. I act as a negotiator and say to the sister "Look, you hit first. So of course, she has to hit back." The sister doesn't understand that her negative critical remarks are as harsh as attacking physically. (141 words)
#2840 (1995-05-10)

I am either on a campus, or in an apartment building, in a long hall and Lucy is arrogantly snotty and angry. She yells swear words at the office people. I walk her outside and down a long, rickety ramp. I hear a commotion and look back. The narrator is telling about how it's a very hot day and the animals, especially the big ones, are very irritable. An elephant goes crazy with the heat, which is bad news for the little trainer man. I muse that maybe I should, in my retirement, take on the part-time job of coordinating the disability resources because the different resources offices are in different places and are not run smoothly. I'm mildly interested. Now I hold a big, cream-colored, furry cat and let go of it and expect it to land on its feet and walk away, but the cat is lazy or something and lands painfully on its belly. I drop it again and it does the same thing. I grimace with sympathetic pain and consider the cat rather slow-brained. I go outside and see Howard getting into a box, which is a sort of car. I wait for his wife to get in next. I don't want to get in too early and be alone with him. I put the cat in and wait impatiently for the wife, who comes out arrogant and snotty. (233 words)
#2841 (1995-06-06)

I am visiting a house owned by a nice-looking man. His current girlfriend is moving out and he is now interested in me. I take a tour of the house, which has magnificent views all around of mountains and so on. The house is set up to give you a roller coaster ride effect as you walk around. I enjoy the thrill of walking across a wooden bridge between two rooms as it tosses and jiggles like in an earthquake. Now I am washing dishes in the kitchen sink and he's drying them. He is playfully flirting and there is pleasant sexual tension between us. Rena sits next to us and I ask, "What does she do?" He says, "She sits there and looks pretty." I think that is a bit condescending and feel bad for Rena. But I ignore it and continue talking with him. Now he's a very rich man and I am taking him a note I wrote with a joke on it. I am leaving him, sort of to prove I'm not after his wealth and I am my own woman, independent and so on. He reads my card, which says something about "May the Buddha follow you," or something like that. He looks at it and I giggle at him saying, "You don't get it, do you? You don't know what the Buddha is." I take the card to a man in the next room to share this great joke with him. I think his name is Howard. I say, laughing, "And he doesn't even know what the Buddha is!" (265 words)
#2844 (1995-06-13)

I goof off and waste time on my way to a family reunion. As I get close, I see Charla sort of floating or climbing a fence. I want her to be with me, but she is busy playing and ignores me. I see a cousin who is leaving the reunion. I am surprised it is breaking up so soon. I'll have missed nearly all of it. I go in and see aunts, uncles, and cousins who are tired, annoyed and bored. They are getting ready to leave soon. (89 words)
#2845 (1995-06-13)

Derek is laying on the ground, on his belly, up on his arms and I am laying on my back. We are just talking. Then he leans over me and kisses me. I am startled and pleased, but don't know quite what to do or think, because it was so clear this wasn't going to be a part of our relationship. I can't quite believe it all. I wait, hugging him slightly to see if this continues or if it was just a "stray" kiss. He continues, obviously now indicating we will be lovers. (94 words)
#2846 (1995-06-15)

I receive my lover who had strong spiritual connections with me and had helped me open up so much. It is powerfully sexual and sensual. I suck on his penis, which pleasures him, which pleasures me. I decide not to let him come in my mouth. His penis is long and slim. He enters me and it is intensely pleasurable and soft and exciting. It's great sex. (67 words)
#2847 (1995-06-15)

My mother is indifferent and insists I leave the house, even though I am in emotional shock from some event. I see a couple standing in a cold lake up to their chest. They are uncomfortable. I see another couple, fully dressed standing in a very hot lake. They are enjoying the hot tub-like feeling but XXX a picture book which requires the page to be placed in a machine so it projects the story like a movie. The lace curtains and the black velvet drapes keep getting in the way. The wind is blowing them toward the area I'm working. A man tries to help me. He's sort of a Michael Bolton fellow, but very shy. I tuck several of the lace curtains outside the open window and the strong wind sucks them out and I see them land on the lawn. We are on the second story floor. I see the wind blow one across the lawn. I call out, "Oh, the curtains." The man goes down to retrieve them for me. As we are going down, he is very shy and nervous because as a shy man he's afraid to approach women, to date, so he's going to practice approaching the little girl. I say to him, "You have your best friend with you (some other man) and I am a very good friend. You'll be all right." I feel a bit jealous because I am the mother of the girl and I want the man to like me. (252 words)
#2848 (1995-07-25)

I am nervous and sitting on a toilet, having belly cramps. Rochelle is around asking me questions about why I act the way I do. I explain, something about getting nervous and needing to go to the bathroom. I see my mother and say something like, "It's not like you ever taught us how to be emotionally intimate." Then I am spreading thick gobs of butter on already buttered toast. [BL] (70 words)
#2849 (1995-08-13)

I had been reading or watching a long story about this pioneer man and how he was so upset about the bad treatment of Indians. He wants to go out and fist fight every one who is calling him squaw man. But a woman says, "Don't waste your energy. Ignore them." Now I am a woman and I walk up to a seated Indian man, who is wearing an 1890's kind of black jacket, like Wyatt Earp would have worn, white man's clothes. He's the foreman. He calls out the black woman I will have as a slave. He hands me the white, little plastic bag which has her documents in it. It's her "freedom" bag. I take it and hand it to her. I say, "Elizabeth. I give you your freedom." She doesn't understand. She thinks I'm firing her and she'll be alone and poor. I say to her, "You are your own woman now and I'd like to hire you. I will pay $6 a week." The Indian man shows me a picture. It has a bright spotlight in the center and a sidelight where he's standing. He says, "I'm in the side light because I'm an Indian. I've always wanted to be in the center spotlight." I say to him, "I understand. Believe it or not, I am in the sidelight too, because I'm a woman with a disability. We get the same kind of discrimination." [BL] (239 words)
#2850 (1995-08-13)

Sparky is mad at me and says, "I'm just a two-bit friend because I have no talent. I write her a note. I want to be nice, but I also want to let her know what I think of her. I say, "I like your work as an actress, but...." (50 words)
#2852 (1995-08-28)

I get a phone call from a man trying to sell me a modem for my computer. The connection is very bad. I can barely hear him. The phone I hold has a round ring of lights that light up when it rings. A woman's voice says: "Your phone is ringing. Please press 4." I may not have pressed the right button or something but the guy's voice keeps cutting out. He's a rude and insistent man. I say to him firmly, "I'm not interested" as well as a confused message that I can't hear him well or the connection is bad. He says, "Shit," and tries to keep me on the line. I hang up on him, saying to my woman roommate, "Boy, he sure isn't good at this." She says, "Come out here and look at the flowers growing on the porch." I am annoyed. I'm very tired and sleepy and it's hard to walk, but she wants us to share some time together and the flowers are a way to do that. I allow her to push or lead me out, even though I don't really want to. (191 words)
#2853 (1995-08-28)

A man with an odd face, like it has cake makeup or something on it, is intensely and single-mindedly attracted to me. I try to get away from him politely. He follows. He is a son of a king or a millionaire, but he acts goofy like an idiot. I am embarrassed by him and I'm also feeling sort of warm and attracted because of his vulnerability. He is so out there with his love for me. He pursues; I dodge; he persists. Later, there's a statement or question, "How is it like to be a gangster?" "They both have leading hose and bands." He also has a father who is just like him who is attracted to an older woman, perhaps my mother. He intensely woos her. He also tells his son that it may be too late. He (the son) may have failed his mission, which was to convince a general to give him armies and so on so they could defend their kingdom. I want to help him as he's almost got the general convinced. We could still do it. (183 words)
#2855 (1995-08-30)

Derek and I are returned from someplace. He has taken me home and he comes over to hug me and slowly the hug evolves into us making love, only it never is acknowledged we are making love. He lies on me with his back to me and sneaks his penis into me backwards. It is not hard, but the catheter tube helps it feel hard and it is a good sexual feeling. I lightly touch him on his bare shoulders and sometimes sneak a kiss on his neck or shoulder. Charla is nearby. I don't want her to see us and know we are making love. It is not appropriate and OK for her to know this/see this. Then he begins to move back and forth quickly and he has had an orgasm. That is very unusual for him, as he is a para. He sighs, relieved. I tenderly lie with him. I'm not sure if I had an orgasm or not. (162 words)
#2858 (1995-09-12)

A man is talking to me. We are in a space where there is a double bed and an empty bookshelf, with old newspapers covering it up. I decide to go to bed and I crawl up the shelves and claw my way through the old newspapers to get to the shelf. I have a hard time, but finally get curled up on a shelf. It is uncomfortable. I cover myself with the newspapers, which look like the magazine pages for my collage art. The man is in the bed and he wants to get up and get something and apologizes to me for not being covered. I see his penis as he bends down to get something. He wants to know why I don't come to bed where it's more comfortable. I explain that Howard had been there so long that I'd gotten used to sleeping up on the shelf. It was better that way than be with Howard. I realize that I'd rather be in the bed even though this strange man is there and start to get off the shelf to go to bed. We'll just have to work out our relationship with each other after I get there. (202 words)
#2861 (1995-09-28)

I am swimming across a milky glacier-like lake. My hands and arms are straight and powerful. I am impressed with how easily I am doing this without getting tired or scared. I notice my legs are not moving, so I try and use them too. It is a bit awkward. I get out on the other side. Ernie and Ginny are coming over. I notice I'd better be on my toes and do things right if Ernie is around. I mail a letter. Later, he has a letter to be mailed, but it doesn't have a stamp on it. I help Ginny get a stamp on it. (107 words)
#2862 (1995-09-28)

I want to change my clothes, so I go down a series of flights of stairs to a room where I had stored some clothes. I walk in to see a couple on the floor almost starting to make love. They stop abruptly at my entrance. I smile and say, "Just a moment. Sorry. I need to get some clothes." They smile and say, "No problem," but of course I know they can't wait for me to leave so they can get on with it. I open drawer after drawer and can only find summery clothes from Mexico, gauzy material, bright colors, a bit revealing and sexy. I am aware I am too fat to wear them. I check the next chest of drawers and find them full of papers and Kodak film boxes, nothing to wear. Oh well. Now it is time to leave, and at the last minute I decide to clean up some mess I've left -- paper scraps, some tiny knitted or crocheted stocking hats, tiny yarn doll bodies and so on. Now I leave the room, thinking I should probably take the one chest of drawers that is mine and its contents back up to where I was. I feel tired and decide not to. I don't need that stuff anyway. The couple is very glad I'm leaving, but pretending to be polite. I say as I walk out the door, "I'm not stupid, you know." They grin. (I think there were mentally retarded people upstairs I was working with.) (255 words)
#2863 (1995-09-28)

I have a personal assistant named Mary who is mentally retarded, short and chubby. She keeps talking all the time and doing things wrong, like holding the shampoo bottle upside down and not noticing the shampoo is running out all over her clothes. I ask her to help me take a bath. I am in the tub in my clothes, she has gotten my wallet wet and is trying to fix it and she is nonstop talking. I finally say to her, "Damn it, Mary, you're fired. I know you mean well and you're a hard worker, but you keep making mistakes." She gets in the tub with me and is trying hard to convince me not to fire her. I insist she get out. Finally I call Nancy in, who is visiting. She and Charlene are out in the living room talking. I explain to Nancy why I'm firing Mary and ask her to get her out of my tub. Nancy says, "OK," gets her out and then says, "I'm not the one to be telling this to." I agree, saying, "Sorry, I guess I was just ventilating." I wonder if this was such great timing, firing her when I was in the tub, a vulnerable spot for me. I also feel a bit concerned because now I have to find someone else. Maybe Charlene will work for me again. I think, "After all, she's been volunteering here for a while, so maybe she's got time again and wouldn't mind making $6 an hour." She is telling Nancy she just got one of her plays produced. (267 words)
#2864 (1995-10-17)

I am being forced to marry a man by some irresistible force, possibly alien or spiritual. I try to escape. I do not want to be married. I don't even know the man. I get in an elevator and it starts to go sideways across University campus to the site of the wedding. I try to stay in the elevator but I am forced out, by some force I cannot see. There is no escape. I am now in a wedding dress, the wedding party is there and it is happening even as I fight it. I feel powerless. I don't want traditional marriage. It sets women back generations. (109 words)
#2865 (1995-10-17)

I am at some shop and notice a house next door. Many Asian and colored people are going in, many of them very distinctively dressed in costumes that are highly colorful, quilted or poofy and ornate. It's a church of some kind. I go over and lean on the fence in front of the house to watch. Now members of the church are tossing some of the people out over the balcony, some of them dropping or falling three stories. I am concerned that they will be hurt with broken bones, but they are not. These members are being ritually thrown out or rejected. Now Dora joins me. I want to take pictures, but I am out of film. I take an iron and smooth out a rectangle of sawdust, the medium used to take pictures with, even though I know it won't do any good. Now Dwight comes up and says, "Come on, we're all going now to pick out a present I'll buy for each of you." I say, "Great, but not right now, because I want to see this." He leaves. I continue watching. A few minutes later, Dora and I go to find Dwight. Maybe it's too late to get our gift. Dora shows me an ornate decorated cake she made for the contest. It has sort of a blue ribbon design on it. I say, "It's very pretty." I don't find Dwight. (237 words)
#2866 (1995-10-17)

I am seated next to a Doctor that looks like the preacher that married Melvin. I say to him, "You know, just recently I was experimenting with Euphoria and someone gave me a pill called 'Think.' What is your opinion on this?" Supposedly it was supposed to enhance the euphoria. I wasn't sure. (53 words)
#2867 (1995-10-19)

I am talking to a man about how crazy making it is to work in crowded conditions. I tell him about registration at the community college and how each year it got more crowded. I see Tyler telling Charlene one of his stories and smile because I know she has heard it many times. I wonder if she will just stoically listen or what. She finally interrupts him and says she has heard it before. She leaves and he smiles sheepishly. Now the man comes into my bedroom. I think I am rooming in his house. His son is upstairs. He is a quad and the man is crying as he tells me that today the assistant can't come today and he will have to be left alone. I offer to call in sick at work and stay to help him, but it would mean moving him downstairs and I couldn't transfer him. The man is grateful. [BL] (157 words)
#2868 (1995-10-19)

I am the head resident of a sorority and we are having a party. I am dressed up in a lovely long skirt and blouse. I walk up the flowing stairs and around watching. Now the men are arriving. Someone says, "Oh, oh. It isn't good to just open the dance to any man off the street." I see quite a crowd of them streaming in. They are rowdy and I am more busy being vigilant. I go to my quarters and get the key to the front door from my purse and hide my purse and then put the key in my pocket. Now Anddrea comes in and a shy young man named Ted. Andrea begins to work with him as a counselor. There is an audience of students watching. He is shy and we both encourage him to tell his dream. Andrea lays down next to him talking in soothing accents. He begins to tell the dream and then interrupts himself and says, "Oh, I get it. The answer is money. I need to make lots of money with my writing." Some man smiles and gently shakes his head no. (192 words)
#2871 (1995-10-21)

I am holding a huge tiger by the tail. In order to save myself from it, I am smashing (I typed "myself" instead of tiger) the tiger against a wall or a tree. Over and over I smash it, until its head is inviscerated, an empty shell. I am exhausted. (50 words)
#2873 (1995-10-22)

Two men and I are traveling to T City to visit Dora again. I had visited lately and it was very enjoyable. The one man is sort of Derek but is sort of Kyle, but I call him Dwight, although it seems to me his name may be something else. The other man is his younger brother and is pretty much Kyle's younger brother, the one that molested Charla. I ask what vehicle we are in and he says it's their Dad's vacation camper. It is a square box-like thing with tiny kitchen appliances. I try to explain how to get to Dora's new place, called Paradise Cove, but I can't remember, so I am trying to read the maps. I can't seem to find T City on the map and I try repeatedly. Now the younger brother says, "I'm exhausted from driving; it has cramped me up," and I look at the other brother who says, "I can't, I'm too tired." I say, "Maybe I can, is it power steering and brakes?" "Yes." I try to steer, but it is a small crank handle and isn't very responsive. We are getting nowhere fast. (194 words)
#2874 (1995-10-22)

Ethan comes to my bedroom. He is a tired, older man, sad and lonely. His wife doesn't understand him. I have two girls, one maybe five and one a baby, who romp energetically around on the bed as Ethan tries to get on my bed and tries to make me feel sorry for him so I'll go with him. I'm not going. (62 words)
#2875 (1995-10-22)

I am working for a company where you play water sport games and that lets the officers know who to promote and who will be good leaders and workers. I play good and hard. I am approved. Now we go into a buffet where the food choices are endless and bountiful. I am filling my plate with breads and pretzels and I'm looking over the vegetable tray but I don't choose anything. I wonder how I'll be able to eat all this food. I seem to choose only the things I usually eat. (93 words)
#2877 (1995-10-24)

Theresa/Cherokee is driving a pickup and I am the passenger. I see us driving very fast across the canyon to get to the event. We overslept. I see her dark hair very clearly; she is vibrant and pretty. I see my gray hair. Now I arrive with my little girl. We'd been in such a rush we hadn't taken time to eat breakfast or take my pills. I walk, holding the girl in my arms. I find my yellow pill box and take the pills, only the vitamin, the calcium, and the hormones. I put them aside, sort of checking if I had enough to make it through the stay. Now I see the group, singing is over and someone already moved the pickup. I am looking for some breakfast. I choose the left hall and open a door to see a smoke-filled room with an annoyed woman in it. I apologize because I hadn't realized this was now someone's private living quarters. I now go down the hall on the right. I see an Indian woman who gives me $1.10 in tokens as I can't find my purse. I assure her I'll pay her back. She says, "Go to the farmer's wife. She still has breakfast." I say, "Is this enough money?" She smiles at my concern. I find the farmer's wife and am asking the girl what she would like to eat. The girl isn't particularly interested in any of my suggestions. (244 words)
#2878 (1995-10-31)

I am in some mad nightmare where tremendous forces of hate and violence are coming at me and I must fight it off by sending back blasts of intense love. People come at me, wanting to kill me and I send back intense love, trying not to succumb to the hate and violence. It is pretty overwhelming. (57 words)
#2879 (1995-10-31)

Michael J Fox is a split or multiple personality. I am his sister, who may be a part of his madness. He and another male part merge. It becomes obvious that he desperately needs to be around me and maybe merge with me too, but the merge could mean my death. He's relentlessly coming after me. As he is about to merge with me, I wake up with a massive irregular heart beat problem. It takes a moment before it evens out (that part is real and not just the dream). (91 words)
#2883 (1995-11-02)

I am in a spaceship that is trapped out there. An alien is working with Capt. Janeway to help set up a beam out transporter situation for our rescue. We go through maybe three or four different beam outs that feel weird and are risky. We end up safely back on earth. (52 words)
#2884 (1995-11-02)

I am sitting on a small back porch up a flight of stairs. From my place, I can safely watch the bull riding events. One Brahma bull is mad as hell and his hair knot on his back stands straight up. He's running through the crowd and nearly getting people. Now a bull rider is on him and a cowboy on a horse. I trying to rope him. I am amazed that two events are being done simultaneously. Now the bull rider, a very charming, good-looking man, is walking toward the house. He is talking with his pal. I watch as he almost decides to go up my back stairs, then turns and goes back around to the front door. I am going to make a pudding and ask my father to bring me a mixer. Now another good-looking cowboy comes up my back stairs. He is Rod Taylor. He stops to flirt and chat. He talks about his pain and I tell him I have RA. We talk happily, obviously flirting and liking each other. He asks me if I always stay up here, and I say mostly. I'm not stupid. If I was down in the crowd, I could get hurt and not see so well. He is mixing up some pain relief balm that smells good. We are very attracted to each other, a promising love affair. (230 words)
#2885 (1995-11-07)

Ellie is going to do a strip tease in a contest. She's the first one up. She is 200 lbs. and confident. She gets up on the platform, which is a rickety series of platforms. She begins. I call to Ginny, who is in the other room trying to phone her husband. I save her a seat. There are lots of college kids on bleachers, then my wheelchair and one armchair. I stand up in the armchair and Ginny sits in the wheelchair. I feel a bit embarrassed for Ellie because she's so fat and so enthusiastically naive. But she's doing OK. The crowd is very quiet and nonresponsive. In the middle of her strip, her platforms shift and she falls between two of them with one leg. It throws her off a bit, but she comes back, very plucky, to try again, I can see the platforms are very precarious. She tries again and quickly slips again. This time she lands on the floor on her back, breaking a small drawer. She lays there, annoyed.The crowd is curiously noncaring. I call out, "Are you all right?" She says, "Yeah, but it's over." The next fat woman comes out. I notice she is pretty, as was Ellie, even though very fat. (211 words)
#2886 (1995-11-07)

Howard wants me to go with him and read a sexy children's book. He hopes to get me aroused so we can have sex. I would like to do sex, but as soon as he's in the picture, everything shuts down in disgust. Later I pass a medical test which proves I have quick and normal arousal responses, but it's quickly interrupted by a shut down because of Howard. The test also confirms I am heterosexual, very heterosexual. Later, I am visiting Ginny and trying to take my pills and have breakfast. I'm having a hard time. (97 words)
#2887 (1995-11-08)

I see a child, possibly Charla, going to school and realize a man with a gun is there in the crowd to harm the children. I am outraged and run through the crowd and hit him from behind, knocking him down and taking his shotgun. He gets up and runs, then turns and has a bazooka. He aims at me as I aim at him. We fire at the same time. I see the blue ball of fire and duck, so it only grazes my side. He is hit, but does not fall. We fire again and again. He walks toward me until I fire point blank into his belly. He finally dies. I am rewarded by being given the powers of a fairy. I am full-sized and me, but now I have cute wings and sparkle dust. I can fly and turn invisible. So I decide to get rid of all the nuclear weapons in the world. I decide to remove the nuclear waste buried in Washington on the reservation. I fly there, go invisible and cause all those barrels of radioactive material out billions of miles into outer space, being sure that it isn't on a path that will eventually drift into a planet and cause harm. I then must retreat as the men are looking for me. I try to fly away and realize this was a huge job and I am exhausted, my powers temporarily depleted. I can't turn invisible so I hide and wait for my powers to return, so I can take on the next nuclear task. (263 words)
#2888 (1995-11-10)

I am a young Eleanor Roosevelt, my waist is slimming down, my pairs of thick glasses are the buttons I close my waist band with. My new husband notices I am looking more pretty and desirable. I go to take a bath and realize I have no privacy now, as it is the White House. The door to the bathroom is open and people could walk through. I realize I am naive and have much I should lean, so I don't accidentally embarrass the presidency. I try to gather up my pills that fell into the bathtub. Now I am picking up my things and see that a box of children's books aren't mine. Oliver North/Jerome sits behind me. He is called Colneral. He is dishonest and feels bad about it. (131 words)
#2891 (1996-01-04)

I, the dreamer, is watching a scene. I seem to identify with the married man. A woman and a man get married after a short, but loving, courtship. Soon after they are married, they begin to have misunderstandings and fights. They are always angry at each other and can't seem to reconcile it. They are miserable, yet they love each other. There is another man, an architect, who loves the woman and she goes to visit him. The jealous husband, who has another kind of career, follows her and comes into the house. The two men talk. The husband is angry and belligerent, but after a while the other man begins to understand that the husband is a good man, but hurt. So he helps the husband understand, and brings the woman and the husband back together, even though he still loves her. But now he is best friends with the husband and cares as much for him. The husband and the woman go out to the car to drive home when the woman's parents come to get in the back seat. They are argumentative and negative at the husband, who in his new-found understanding, doesn't tolerate it anymore. He tells them to shut up. The woman at first is upset and then understands that is right. She smiles at the husband. [BL] (222 words)
#2892 (1996-01-06)

I am in a class, maybe writing class. A woman is setting up some sort of conference. She is taking special interest in making me comfortable. She gives me a notebook and papers and a candle and a potted plant and other amenities. I gather them up one by one with Charla's help and take them to my desk, but it takes up two desks worth of room. I'm the only one this is permitted with. Now it's time to go to the first activity. I get on a sailboat she is trying to drive. At first it won't budge from the dock, but then as she turns the wheel around and around. It starts to go, but the channel is very obstructed with things like wooden boxes and so on. We bump our way through them, she turning the wheel sharply from one end to the other. It fairly spun in her hands. We get off and walk down a path to a house. Inside the ceremonies are beginning. Each person has special duties or tasks to do. One man is reading a religious paper. Someone asks me, Where's my copy?" I say, "Oh, I left it on my desk. I already read it." Then I feel like I would like to join in with the man, reciting passages with him, but don't have my copy. Then a man in a wheelchair dressed in drag comes in. His mother tells him to go on back out and continue with the activity. He takes his black, curly wig off. He is partially bald. He feels a little silly dressed in women's clothes. (272 words)
#2893 (1996-01-07)

A married couple are fighting. The man is cold and selfish. The woman may be Asian. I see a baby, their baby, fall off a high dock into an ocean. I am afraid for the baby. The mother sees it too and dives quickly off the dock into the waters. His granny did too, but she's more hindrance than help. I feel dread and fear as I hope I don't have to witness the drowning of this baby, and there is not a thing I can do to help. I watch as the mother strongly swims over to him and saves him, then let's him float underwater, teaching him to swim, so if this happens again, he will be safe. I am anxious and want her to bring the baby up to safe, dry land right now, but I realize her strategy is best. (144 words)
#2894 (1996-01-07)

A rather stupid, lanky man is asking me questions. I hold a package with a small plastic bag of white beads in it. It is a beading kit. He asks me what the words on the package says. I say, "Stretched string beads." He asks how many beads there are. Are there enough to bead a whole shirt? I answer gruffly, "How would I know? It doesn't say." I am annoyed with his attitude and questions. The man says, "Why don't you lighten up?" I realize I am being sharp and grumpy, but I say, "Because I don't want to," which is true. This IS the way I feel and I don't want to change it right now. [BL] (118 words)
#2895 (1996-01-07)

I am in the M City house, sleeping in my bedroom. I open my eyes and see my "dad" walking up to my open bedroom door. He is tall and lanky like Nate. He is so tall, his head is above the doorjamb. I feel fear. He is going to harass me. He then walks down the stairs to go to the bathroom. I sneak out of my room and run into my brother's room (actually the room my parents had). I crawl under the covers with one of my brothers trying to hurriedly pull up the covers over me. He's coming back up the stairs and I know a part of my shoulder may be visible. I know this won't work and I'll probably got my brothers in trouble too, but I stay there. He comes in and looks around. I think he sees me, but lets me be. He leaves. I go quickly back into my bedroom to the closet to try and change clothes before he comes back. As I pull a dress off a hanger, I am standing in the closet, which seems to have lots of room. A weird-looking girl comes and watches me. I tell her to go away. I pull on my dress, which I wonder if it is too fancy and will call attention to myself. I go downstairs to the kitchen where my mother is fixing French toast for breakfast. She wants me to do something and is grumpy. [BL] (248 words)
#2898 (1996-01-11)

A good-looking young man, maybe 29 years old, seems very charming. Dovre and I are attending some growth seminar. He joins us. Then, he starts exhibiting psychotic behaviors. He grabs a doll and holds it to his penis and pees on it, right in front of me, while smiling charmingly at me after he had just violently ravaged the doll. Then again he grabs my daughter, Dovre, as she is laying on the floor, only she becomes another doll. I grab the doll and say, "No. You can't." We wrestle over the doll and I force it away from him. He is intense and single-minded. I go over and whisper to the woman who is running the workshop, "We have a psychotic person here; get security." She leaves to do that. Then I see Paul C and two of his men who walk up to me nonchalantly. He says, "Where is he?" I look around. He had gone outside, to pee in the woods. I see him coming back toward the door. We are standing in the open door and he sees the big, obviously police men. He veers away and starts to walk away. I try to walk out to entice him back in a friendly manner, but he's onto us. I am annoyed at Paul and his men for being so obvious. A good-looking man, one of the security ones, only more feminine-looking and a slight build, says, "Maybe I can convince him to come over." I say, "You are probably right. I'm pretty sure he is homosexual and schizophrenic. Watch out for him, he is very charming on the outside and dangerous as hell." (277 words)
#2899 (1996-01-11)

I am hearing a radio report about a new kind of ski lift that uses pressurized air to shoot the person straight up to the high place, and then it's a roller coaster kind of ride down. You lean backward on the air and ride down, fast and exciting. I'm up there, having done the first half of the ride. I look down and see Dovre, my daughter, laying on her tummy asleep, on a bench. I see one big crow or raven and four of five little ones sitting on her back. As she stirs, they fly up a bit and settle down on her again. I see the big one go sit on a boy's head. I know this is magic stuff, and realize the boy has been chosen by the raven, the wise one. I call to Dovre and tell her what I see, asking if she can see it too. I say, "There's a prairie chicken in the kitchen too." I see a top-knotted African kind of bird. They all look so real. I wonder if they can be seen by others and feel a slight fear that if they are real, they could just scratch or hurt the boy and Dovre. But I do know they are "dreams" or "other world." The spirits. (218 words)
#2900 (1996-01-13)

A woman director, dark-haired, and famous is on TV doing her regular show. I think her name is Carol Lawrence, or something like that. Her friend Lucille Ball decides she wants to come on the show as a surprise and tease her friend. She prepares by putting on ear muffs and two square boxes, one over each ear. She wonders for a moment if she should do this. Would people think it silly or untasteful? She decides to trust her instincts. She goes on, surprising the crew, and then Carol. It ends up being a classic touching and humorous bit that people found endearing. (104 words)
#2901 (1996-01-13)

I am sort of Yul Brynner in a swimming pool. I am also a woman who talks to Jack Benny. Then I (the woman) says or does something that touches Yul Brynner deeply. He tries to describe this insightful moment to Jack Benny. He reaches over to a lamp, which is in the swimming pool, and unplugs it (or plugs it in, I don't remember which way it goes) and then carries the lamp and begins to follow me (the woman) as I get out of the pool. He stands directly behind me, wanting contact. I become aware of him. (100 words)
#2903 (1996-01-14)

A man, Richard Chamberlain, and I are deeply in love. Another woman is in love with him. He and she are sort of engaged. She is American Indian. He must stay with her because of the vows. It is painfully poignant when we are together, because we know we can't have each other. There is some ceremony where he is placed between two cloth partitions (sheets). He is kneeling, like in a confessional. She stands on the left side behind the sheet, and I stand on the right side, peeking out from the split in my sheet (like two curtains pulled together). He smiles at me, sadly. Then she begins to get hysterical, accusing him of being untrue and doing her wrong. As her accusations get more hysterical and untrue and harsh, the entire tribe begins to see it is wrong. They walk away from her. She is now sobbing and screaming that she had been to the doctor's this morning and got bad news. Finally she's on the floor sobbing. Everyone has left the building except me and Peter Jennings. I resolutely stand up from her fallen body and walk away, now leaving her entirely alone. I feel very sad for her and worried she will kill herself. I say to Peter after we are outdoors, "I don't know how long I can bear to stay away. I'll probably return and stay with her for a while." I see my lover walking toward me. He and I meet, and lay down together slowly on the cement stairs. He touches my cloth collar at my neck caressingly, a forbidden touch, but we must connect. I sigh and say, "I think she's dying," and then I say, "It feels so good to be near you." He says, "Yes, for me too." (300 words)
#2906 (1996-01-29)

A sort of taciturn, sad or grumpy man gives me a gift. I look in the box and see some sort of leather wine pouches, of different sizes. I say oh, that will be nice. I can put them on my wheelchair for water bags. He says nothing. I look more closely and see there are small miniature things in the bag. I see 30 tiny florescent light tubes, in their boxes. and many more things. I begin to realize that this isn't a wine bag but a miniature room with furnishings. I keep opening little things and other little things are in them. This thing keeps getting more ornate and big and full of stuff. I like it very much and hope I haven't offended the man by not understanding the nature of the gift right off. (138 words)
#2907 (1996-01-29)

I am staying at a house, perhaps my mother's house. Ellie is there as well. There are many rooms but I sleep in a tiny one twin size bed, if fact, I don't even sleep in the bed, I am uncomfortably curled up in my wheelchair and sleeping. Ellie starts to move her things to a bigger nicer room and it occurs to me I could do that too. I mention to my mother that I'd like to hire a part time helper as I can't do things for myself and would like to be comfortable. and I want to move to a nicer bigger room and sleep comfortably on a bed. (112 words)
#2908 (1996-01-30)

I am in a house with a lot of rooms. I decide to get on my exercise machine and discover it is broken. I realize I'd been enrolled in a business college course load and haven't been going to classes. How odd it will be to have a Masters degree and yet flunk simple courses. It will look bad on my record. I don't want to take the classes. I move into the living room, which has my father's bed in it. There is a sort of V. House feeling to this place. I try to use the exercise machine there, but no luck. I go back and count the rooms, and as I look more closely, I see the rooms are quite small and square and ordinary, which is the opposite of what my dream rooms have been like in other dreams. Jake is in a bed in the back bedroom. (152 words)
#2909 (1996-01-30)

A chubby, flabby boy is a Buddha emperor boy and the priest comes up to him. The boy shoves his fat belly down to make a pillow for the priest, who lays his head on the belly, a sort of ritual greeting of emperor and priest. Now they raise him to sitting and drape his fat, flaccid penis over the edge of his bed and he pees. I watch, fascinated. It's such an odd shape penis and the boy is so spoiled he doesn't even use his muscles to lift himself up. It is all done for him by the priests. (101 words)
#2910 (1996-01-31)

Derek/Darryl and I are going to the movies together, but first we go to his house to get something. We are talking as I gather up a wallet and borrow one of his. His buddies (the homeless motley crew guys) come over to hang out while we're at the movies. I look in the bathroom mirror and see my face and sigh. I think to myself, "I'd make an OK-looking man." I feel sad because I know Derek doesn't feel attracted to me and never will. I say, "I'll shut the window" and then say, "Oh yeah, that's right. You never lock anything. I do at my place, but it's a different kind of neighborhood, tougher." He starts to disagree with me and I get annoyed and say, "But, you don't know. I was almost..." I pause, I was about to say raped. He realizes that's what I was going to say and tries to listen. Chelsea then joins us. I feel the need to pee. We three walk to the movie house. (173 words)
#2911 (1996-01-31)

I am sort of Sally Fields as a comedian. I come out on the stage, in front of the huge, billowing curtain. I, the dream ego, is watching from the wings. I see Sally dressed in a blue sequined gown with see-through overdress and her act is taking off parts of the outfit and the outfit look keeps changing. Now I am her and I look far down at the small and distant audience. The billowing curtain nearly knocks me off stage. I keep hissing at the curtain woman to open the curtains a bit more. She finally does. I come up with a funny bit of lines where I wait until they get nervous at me not speaking and then I say, "This comedy thing is harder than I thought. Apparently you have to say witty things and then they love you...apparently not. And they have to be funny to other people too." The audience laughs, but they are also dancing and running around. They are so far away they look miniscule. (173 words)
#2912 (1996-01-31)

Charla and I are together in a big double bed with lots of space between us. I pick up a ring of hers and put it on, hoping she doesn't wake up and demand it back. It is an odd ring, an engagement -like look and then a long row of gold squares and another round engagement-like ring at the end of that. I see the second part is a separate ring, plastic, that just got stuck on the end. I think it's fun to pretend I have an engagement ring. (91 words)
#2913 (1996-02-03)

Lucy and I are going to do a show for the community college. Julie B is there. I am asking what the name of my character is and the name of Lucy's character and other details of the story. I guess we are going to rehearse it for a while and then present it. (54 words)
#2914 (1996-02-03)

I am an extra actress. I'm just in the background being a person sitting at a cafe table. The main actors are at other tables doing the play and I am supposed to improv gestures and pretend I am talking to other people and so on for the entire play. I keep coming up with ideas on what to do and even make a few funny remarks that could have been good lines in the play. The director, a man, wants me to make what I'm doing even bigger because it is so good. He dresses as a woman and wanders across the stage pretending to be one of the cafe extras and signals me to act as if I am leaving to go to the restroom. I do so, going off stage and he says to me, "I like what you're doing; keep on and make it bigger." I nod and go back on stage. More extras are there imitating me. (162 words)
#2915 (1996-02-03)

I hear about a road that suddenly caught on fire. Apparently some cars with steel belted radial tires worn down to the steel were on the road, and rust spots were on the road. It was oil soaked from years of use and it caught on fire. I ask where this is, thinking it is on a coast in some exotic locale. Oh, and it is snowing there a lot, but the snow won't put out the fire. It will burn for years. I hear it is in the state of Washington. I guess I'm hearing a radio reporter interview someone. He asks if the road is closed and now no one can travel there. The man replies, "Yes, but we have the old road people can use." The reporter says, "But that one is windy and slow, right?" I see huge clumps of land mass with gaps in-between like the road will be built to cross those coastal gaps. It will make for hard, slow traveling. (167 words)
#2918 (1996-02-03)

A man is standing and holds a baby by its hands as it is trying to stand up. I watch and the baby is a kitten and it scampers around. I want to play with it. I see it go under a chair and see that a much smaller kitten is in there. It's about the size of a mouse. I am worried that the bigger kitten will hurt it or eat it, and I crawl under to distract the bigger kitten. I play with it and rub its cute, fat little tummy. It likes that and leaves the smaller kitten alone. (102 words)
#2920 (1996-02-08)

Susie S and I are walking along a road talking. I am feeling a bit defensive and hurt as she is saying we have a problem because I begrudged her two hours of work that she felt I still owed her. I say, "No, wait. Begrudged? I don't begrudge you those two hours." I feel a bit dishonest because I do feel I gave her what was required. I try to speak honestly. I say, "It's the sarcasm. I don't deal well with sarcasm, and I thought I had done the work well and gave you all that was required, so I felt hurt." She says, "Then you'd be willing to meet me tomorrow morning to talk this all out?" I think to myself, "I hope not too early," then I say, "Yes, of course. I just don't do well with sarcasm and feeling attacked. I admire and respect you and your work and if you feel I shorted you in hours, I will give you the hours." She seems to understand and says she's sorry she was sarcastic; it is a bad habit of hers. We continue to work it on out. (193 words)
#2924 (1996-02-12)

A man is bending over something and looking at it, and behind him rises up a huge whale, like peeking over a rim of rocks. Its mouth is crooked like a cartoon shark mouth. The man looks back over his shoulder and says, "Ah, The Clan of The Cave Bear." (50 words)
#2926 (1996-02-17)

I am lying on a couch, burning a candle and watching it burn. It goes out and I try to relight it, but now there are two, no, three, no, four wicks. I light them and one or two go out and I relight them. Now they are all burning and as I hold the candle in my hands, it is now a square of wax and melting very quickly in a strong line down the middle. I realize it will melt through and it does, breaking into two pieces. I ineptly say, "Oh, Oh, Oh," as the hot wax splashes out over the coffee table and on the carpeted floor. Just then, as I am up and grabbing a towel to clean up the mess, I notice the front door is slowly opening. I go to the door, afraid and try to close it, but two teen boys, one very blonde and has mild CP, are in the room and I know they intend to rape or hurt me. I say, "No, no, no," in an inept way and open the door for them to go out. I try to insist, but they laugh and I manage to get them out and shut the door and lock it. I know they are going around to the back door. I go to the phone and dial the whole number for the police department and wonder why I didn't just dial 911. I give my name, Barb Sanders, and my address, 795 W. Street, #302, E City. I say, "These teens are breaking in and I'm afraid they will hurt me, and I need someone to come and check it out, just in case." The police don't seem too interested in helping me. (292 words)
#2927 (1996-02-17)

Charla is deliberately refusing to obey me. She is running down the stone steps of a huge Catholic church. I am very, very angry at her and crying and upset. I cry out to her, "You must stop. Come here at once," and so on and she laughs at me and keeps on going. I know somehow that to keep chasing after her and pleading in anger isn't going to work and I should withdraw, but I am driven by my strong feelings to continue. It's as though I can't stop. Jake comes up the steps and I see he is going into a room that has religious statues and I hope he will at least nod his head toward them in respect, although he won't do the Catholic thing, seeing as he isn't Catholic. (135 words)
#2928 (1996-02-18)

I am on some deserted island place, and I see a brown, strong naked woman run past me. I follow her to a pool. It is a ritual bathing place. I and some other person with me go into the pool, not knowing what we are supposed to do or why we are supposed to do it. There is a recessed shallow spot off the deep larger pool and I/we are in it. I look out and see the pool is deep and empty. The water is very clear. But I sense danger around. I see a huge crocodile swim past me, its tail braided. I am not sure if it is merely an animal crocodile, or if it is an intelligent life form. It crawls out on land and signs in as Captain Morg. I stay in my shallow area afraid to go out into the larger pool. Now a car drives out onto the water, does a turn and drives back. These people aren't afraid. Then a person walks across the water to the hallway on the other side. I look into the hallway and see a group of people walking toward the pool and an exit sign glowing at the far end of the hallway. I feel stupid and cowardly hanging back in my little recessed area as these other people matter-of-factly go about their business. (229 words)
#2929 (1996-02-18)

I am walking along and see a child movie star. She will play the lead in a children's movie. Now I go into a large room set up with backless benches and a few chairs for children to watch the movie. I sit on one of the chairs because the benches would give me a backache. But the chair keeps sliding backward. I pull it back to where it should be and it slides again. I can't seem to stop it. I wonder why I am wasting my time watching this movie which is either Wizard of Oz or Cinderella, when I could be watching one of my taped movies. The screen is far away and is a white bed sheet. I won't be able to see well. I think I'm there because I'm curious and drawn to the fact that there is an "important" person there, namely the famous child movie star, even though I am not particularly interested in her or her movie. (165 words)
#2930 (1996-02-18)

I seem to be the prison warden. The men are surly and dangerous. I have to stop something and I use fast karate blows. I am damn good at it and beat my foe. Another powerful inmate is watching me closely, looking for his opportunity. I then go to the infirmary for the doctor to bind up my wounds, but he is also my fiance and he rejects me, I think because he doesn't want me doing this dangerous job. I am hurt, but bravely go on. I return, exhausted and emotionally drained, to my office and find a young woman and a Hispanic man trying to make out on the floor by my door. I tell her to be in my office at 3 o'clock and I'll teach her about birth control and then I decide the man better be there too. This was yet another betrayal and I am angry and self-righteous, and yet I'm trying to be doing the right thing for these people too. I enter, but it isn't my office; it is a courtroom. I interrogate the prisoner who is on trial, the man I beat up, and the other powerful man is secretly sending him signals by scraping the legs of his chair against the floor when he should not answer. I realize this is a code even though it is subtle. I am on the alert. [BL] (233 words)
#2931 (1996-02-19)

I am a member of a woman's club. The president of the club and another woman get into a scandal thing with one woman supposedly moving in on the other's husband. There are two teen boys as well that kind of do the same kind of thing, one taking something the other has. Now the president doesn't come to meetings. I guess she is ashamed. Time passes, and at a meeting I watch as the two women start talking it all through and now the whole thing is understood and accepted and behind them. The president resumes her duties. Now I am at a woman's house. I am admiring a special tree where she has grafted different fruits on it. There are grapes and cantaloupes and bananas on it. I am very impressed. How neat to grow your own fresh fruit, all on one convenient tree. I look at a series of glass tubes with liquid stuff bubbling around in them. I ask some questions. These tubes are the special acid/ph factor balance stuff for this special tree. Now I am eating a cantaloupe from the tree, only as much as I say, Ummm, how tasty," it really isn't. I keep scraping out these masses of black seeds, like watermelon seeds. It never seems to end. The bites are stringy and pulpy. I finally realize this isn't good fruit. Now I go inside to help the woman decide to leave her husband. She hasn't opened her mind to what misery she is really experiencing in the relationship. Now she sees it. (261 words)
#2933 (1996-02-24)

I am seated on a couch and Leroy, my cousin, comes over and sits near me to kiss me goodbye. He and his wife are going home. I love him and I feel he loves me. We lightly hug, as his wife is standing there watching, almost in slow motion, I lean up and our lips are close together. We steal a soft, loving kiss in a way that the wife can't see. Now he goes home. I find some reason to go there. The wife is very suspicious of us and we are very careful, but we are indeed in love and take every stolen moment we can to brush up against each other or look into each other's eyes. This is a difficult life we are moving toward, a suspicious wife, we don't want to hurt her. They have been in a good relationship for years, but our feelings are too strong and we can't resist. Apparently I was in a play, because Leroy says to his friend, "Tell her you liked the play." He comes over and says, "Yes, Grandmother, I loved your play." He was very polite. He and I talk about how special and alive one feels on stage. Even if you are not alive and ordinary off stage, you can always go back on stage and recapture that special alive feeling. (227 words)
#2934 (1996-02-26)

I think I had been traveling in Europe and have returned. I am now on a country road, looking for a small town I used to live in. I pass the town and end up in some other small town. I stop at a house and a woman says she will walk with me for a ways until I get my directions. I say, "I think I'm looking for L City or A City." We come over a rise and look down into the valley and see farmlands and a spire on a university brick building. I say, "We are in Mo City, the Western (state) State University." Some woman asks me the name of the main hall. I say, "I can't remember." I remember the one for L. and I remember the one for another university. It is a very pretty scene. (143 words)
#2935 (1996-02-26)

Lucy and I and some others are about to take an important test, like for a masters degree or something. A woman is lecturing about something Lucy didn't understand. I realize I could answer it well, and this woman isn't. She is meandering and missing the point. I choose to keep quiet and let her do her thing. It's time to fill out forms to take the test. I have papers with me with addresses and so on in case I need them. I can't seem to fill out the form. All the places where it looks like I should fill things in seem to be only for people who are applying for grants or entering a contest. I am confused. I then find the right place and start to enter my name and university name. (136 words)
#2936 (1996-02-27)

A small girl is in danger. I am trying to protect her. A male gangster has a gun and henchmen and is trying to poison or take the little girl. The girl is very afraid. I see a box delivered to her and in it is a bottle like Fiberall and she's afraid of it. She is lying in the box with plastic inserts like ears next to her head. She looks terrified. I take her out and hear the gangster coming and tell her to go into the bathroom and hide. She does. The gangster has a gun on me and I have a gun on him and we threaten each other. It's a standoff. I feel great hatred for him. He's mean and persistent, but somehow he's not really trying to be a bad guy. We keep up the threatening stuff at each other. (146 words)
#2940 (1996-03-10)

I am trying to teach a class about subtle communication stuff like nonverbal behavior. I am talking about small eye movements and so on when I see they have left, maybe a recess or they are restless or something. They come back in and I continue to try and teach. The man teacher who had been distant is now trying to help me. We end up burning a pile of garbage and cardboard. Somehow this is a together, helping thing. (80 words)
#2941 (1996-03-11)

I am in a hospital getting blood, or giving it, with maybe a surgery coming up. I am in a hospital corridor looking for the elevator. A woman comes up and introduces herself. Apparently I know her. She asks me if I will go see Santa Claus. I say, "Oh, maybe." I look down over the railing at the Santa surrounded by kids. He smiles up at me in an inviting way. I then start to go around the corner to find the stairs. Howard comes up and asks to borrow my glasses. I give my second pair. I am now wearing a Santa suit, a round ball for a fat belly. The jacket is open. I am walking down the stairs and kids look at me. I close the jacket. I go around the corner and find the line for Santa. Howard comes back up after the Santa thing. I need some glasses and he offers his to me. I laugh, saying, "I'll try but I won't be able to see anything," since his prescription is worse than mine. I look at them before I put them on and am surprised to see they are one huge lens, not two. I put them on and can see just fine. I tell him I like his better, because mine are trifocals and hard to see out of. A man watches, friendly like. (232 words)
#2942 (1996-03-12)

I am sitting on a couch cushion that sits beside the couch. The problem is, the couch is in a large body of water. It is getting soaked through and beginning to sink. I am aware there may be danger in the water, sharks, perhaps. I go to dry land. There is possible war there as well. Now I am going to go to an informal audition. I had shrugged it off at first, not particularity interested in home grown theatrics, but decide to participate, feeling like this is a cinch, I can do this in my sleep. I decide to change clothes. I go into another room where Deirdre, my cousin is. I ask to borrow some clothes. I choose some pink sweater and a skirt. I look at it and realize that it looks a bit tacky and ordinary when I had thought the outfit would look slinky and good. I'm a bit disappointed, but can't see anything better. I wander back slowly, getting distracted. I am a bit arrogant and uppity. Other people are all excited and enthusiastic about the play coming up. (186 words)
#2943 (1996-03-22)

A Native American man is nearby. I am working hard, resenting the work and feeling overwhelmed. I am doing the dishes and trying to organize piles of papers. He says to me lovingly, "I'll do the dishes for you. It's all right." I feel guilty and relieved. He assures me it is no problem. He would love to help me. I uneasily let him. I now try to straighten the papers. He says he will do that too. I then start to dance around in a circle, slowly at first and then with more pep and fun. I like the dance. So does a small dog, maybe a Terrier, who leaps into my arms on one of my dramatic twirls. It looks so cute and the Native American watches lovingly, happy to see me happy. I do it again, with the dog, just to feel the endearing smile of the man. Now I see another man, actually a suit of clothes all folded up, only a thin, ill man is in it. I pick him up gently and hold him. I have great empathy for him and his pain. I smile tenderly and say, "I understand how hard it is and how beautiful it is when you can reach that moment when you can love the pain and yourself. It is a rare moment and hard to get to. But it is ecstatic when you get there." (237 words)
#2944 (1996-03-25)

I apparently now live in a very large house, but only use a couple of the rooms. My cousin says to me, "Perhaps you will take in Deirdre. She could live with you." I feel the woman's need to better the situation of her child. I look into the bright green eyes of the child (perhaps middle school or early high school age). I say, smiling, "I'd love to have a child with green eyes and green hair." It is really blonde hair but she has a huge green hair ribbon on. Those eyes are an illuminous bright green, a very unusual color for eyes. She is happy. I tell her she has to fit into the routine and get up at this hour and do this and that and then we'll all get along well. I think it will be more work, with the baby I already have, but it will be OK. I wonder if she will go to W. High School. Now the scene shifts and I am talking to the principal, a tall, large man. I am investigating what seems to be a racial discrimination situation. I am a journalist in attitude. At first the principal is hostile and defensive. I guess he thinks I am accusing him. I keep interviewing people and the focus shifts bigger and bigger until the principal says, "Ah, I see. You are now looking at Universal Peace, not just a discrimination thing for one person." He relaxes and is helpful. (250 words)
#2945 (1996-03-29)

Lucy and I are together. I realize I've been skipping classes again and will get yet another term's worth of failing grades and "Y"'s or incompletes. I feel like a failure. Lucy asks me if I've talked with Dr. Roy. I then start drinking out of a small baby bottle; I am sucking water. I kind of feel some satisfaction reverting to baby, but a woman disapproves very much, at me, a grown woman behaving like a baby. I feel a bit guilty. (83 words)
#2946 (1996-03-30)

I am in a house. Charla is being naughty and noisy and I tell her she has to take a nap. I pick her up and put her on the bed and she wriggles around. I give her a small swat on the butt and say she has to stay there and I'll know if she sneaks out. I leave the room. Several women are there in the house and they are uppity, high class women who disapprove of Charla's behaviors, and they disapprove of me. They follow me around being snotty. Now I am in an acting class and they are in the same class. Everyone looks down at me and laughs openly at me. I take it in stride, not getting angry. I am a bit frustrated, but I laugh at them being so silly. They hate that. I tell them quite bluntly and firmly I don't like their attitudes and behaviors. I am matter of fact. They get very angry at me and are vengeful. The man I am to act with takes on their attitude and is sneering at me. I look up at his face, all deformed with a glass milky white eye. I say to him, "You are very ugly." He lunges at me, supposedly acting and I side step and move away. A woman comes near me and I jump, like I'm going to defend myself from her physically. I have a pair of scissors in my hand I hold like a weapon. I feel a bit embarrassed because she isn't attacking me. (260 words)
#2949 (1996-04-03)

Derek is with someone else or is ignoring me. I am sitting next to his brother and decide to hell with Derek, I will chase after his brother. We hug and flirt. Derek is jealous and moves between us. Now I'm having dinner with Derek and then a helicopter comes and picks me up in the middle of the dinner. (60 words)
#2951 (1996-04-11)

I am back with Howard. He is sweet and caring and young. So am I (young). We have a baby and Howard is the main caretaker. He brings the baby to me. The baby has short, stubby legs with thick thighs. I look at his feet and say, "Oh he will grow up tall and strong. He has big feet." Then the baby gets up and walks around a bit. I am amazed. He is a newborn. Then he begins to talk. He tells me he has listened in to my thoughts. He is gentle, loving and an alien baby of some sort. I am very impressed and we bond. He is helping me. He gives me advice. I realize Howard and I haven't been sleeping together and having sex for years. I want to start that part of our relationship, willingly and with joy. Now there's a crowd of people and I am dressed very pretty. I've lost weight and another woman, a movie star, is trying to take the attention of the crowd. With the baby's telepathic support, I step into the center and charmingly take the admiration of the crowd, mostly the men. There is a bunch of FBI bodyguard type men there. Howard and the baby and I are going somewhere. (215 words)
#2952 (1996-04-12)

I am going to lie down in this square, empty field on a sleeping bag. Some members of the C. department are there setting up an electronic surveillance device around the square. They ask if I can see if the one near me that stops things coming from the corn field seems to be working. I say it is. Something approaches the other side from the street and at the curb is detected and stopped. I think I am holding a dolly. (82 words)
#2953 (1996-04-12)

I am watching a TV show. A woman is interviewing Dana Carvey who is totally goofy and lies and makes a fool of her constantly. I notice he has taken my wallet and I am furious. I demand it back. He laughs at me and continues teasing me. I begin to dump out his pockets and so on, making a terrible mess. I am furious and self-righteous. He begins to like me and continues teasing me. I bolt from the place, now naked and stoned or drunk. I cross the freeway, not even looking to see if I'll get hit by the cars. I go down a bike path near the river. Dana jumps in the river and swims to try and follow me. I go into some restaurant and see a woman who is the manager. I remember I tried to be a manager once and didn't do a good job of it. This woman with exposed breasts is doing a fine job. Dana is there, loving me. I ignore him. (172 words)
#2954 (1996-04-12)

I sit in a cave-like place and look for baby frogs, but only see adult ones. A small child is there with me. He catches a frog and I pick off pieces of its flesh and feed the other frogs with it. I realize what I'm doing and stop, a bit disgusted. (52 words)
#2955 (1996-04-13)

I am in Russia. traveling. A mountain blows up, fire comes out of its frozen sides. I go to investigate. Multi-colored blobs of lava come out and fire sprays up. It's a volcano and it is melting the ice cap. The water is rising very quickly. I decide I need a boat. I conjure up one and row. The entire world is now nearly underwater. The water is smooth but deep. I row up to Moscow. The buildings will soon be covered with water. There isn't anybody or anything around as the water covers the earth. (96 words)
#2956 (1996-04-15)

I and another woman are entering a big auditorium. We want to get good seats so we can see the events on the stage and meet in the back with our small group easily. It will be very crowded soon, we know, because we went through this before. I go to the left rear side and get a folding chair and then decide to go to the right rear side as that's where the small group will meet, but the athletic team has reserved most of the seats in the back and so I change my mind again and go to the left rear side to find all the places are almost taken and finally decide on the aisle. The ceremonies are starting and I lean way over to see. It is Rosalie, the Mayor of E City doing a discussion or speech and she's written "Rosalie" on the blackboard. It's just one word, her own name. I laugh and share this with a woman next to me. Then a male actor comes in and waits his moment. As he gets up to take a leather bag up the aisle shouting his lines, I realize the fingers of my left hand are caught in the straps and I am running up the aisle behind him, desperately trying to get my fingers out. I am wearing a bridal gown and veil. I finally get unstuck and go back and sit down. I tell the woman how embarrassed I am, how conspicuous I was. [BL] (252 words)
#2957 (1996-04-21)

Charla is lying on a bed, she's perhaps been overstimulated, maybe by me, or maybe by Ellie. She (Charla) suddenly goes into a grand mal seizure. She vomits and starts to choke on it. I feel horror. I am waiting passively for Ellie to do CPR. I want Ellie to do it and am aware that I should do it, but it would be messy and stinky, so I don't. Then Charla dies. I am grief-stricken and sob and feel terrible guilt for not taking action quickly, which could have saved her life. It's a terrible nightmare. (97 words)
#2958 (1996-05-05)

I am watching as a disembodied observer. I see an old lady on a motorcycle. She refuses to put hub caps on her back wheels. She wants the spokes exposed. She wears leather and is feisty and independent. However, she decides she wants a job. She offers to be a delivery person for messages. She is hired, but as she takes the leather message pouch and lays it on the back wheel, the employer insists she cover the spokes with a hub cap. It annoys her a bit, but she complies because she thinks the job will be fun and she can see the sense of it. After all, it would not be safe to let the bag get caught up in the spokes when she's driving. So she takes the pouch with the papers inside to her destination. When she gets there, there are forms to fill out and she has lots of difficulty getting this done. (158 words)
#2959 (1996-05-17)

I and a man are together in a hot air balloon. We are traveling over a mountain. We are very close, but trouble starts. The balloon rope starts to fall or disintegrate. I try to hold on to it. We drift over to the west toward the ocean and barely make it, now landing safely on the beach. How very nice - we can camp here. We land. I see a restroom right in front of the spot we decide to rest at. How convenient, but will it block our view of the beautiful ocean? I look over around to the right sand we can see the ocean, calm but also coming right up to our edge of the camp. I think to myself, "Sure hope this is already high tide or that the calm conditions keep up or we'll not be safe here." We decide to stay. (148 words)
#2960 (1996-05-21)

I am at a house, possibly my "mom's" house, and a combination party is happening. One group of people is my relatives and another group is my disabled friends. I go from one room to another, mingling and chatting. In the relative room, my mother, who is fairly young and pretty, and I tap dance together. Everybody likes that. We have fun. Then I go to the room with my disabled friends and we talk. Rochelle questions me critically. I made a statement and she'd say, "Did you actually use the masculine pronoun?" I just looked at her and said, "Yes, I did" (not politically correct, you know). Now a woman is going up on stage to sing a song with a big name rock band. I am her sister or friend and am asked to come on up and join in. So now there are four to six men from the rock group, "Heads and Roses," mostly drummers, and her and me. She sings and I add some harmony. The song is about "I love you Dad." Dad (not my real one) is out in the audience. Even though she is the star, I manage to get the last line in with excellent harmony and everyone is pleased. (209 words)
#2966 (1996-05-30)

I am seated on the right end of a couch. I feel tired. I notice a cobweb right in front of me with two spiders on it, which gives me the creeps. I inch my way over to the left side and start to get up. I say something and a man seated at a table just to the left is furious and angry with me. He tirades on about how filthy and lazy I am. A woman sits to his left at the table, and I look first at the man and then at the woman in shock at this tremendous outburst. I turn to my "father" also at the table and I say, "Does he mean I don't bathe often enough and I stink, or does he mean I don't change my clothes often enough?" My "father," who is a stocky short man with thick dark hair and tired bags under his eyes, gets up and walks to me and kneels in front of me. (He looks like an older, tired Deepak Chopra.) He says, "I love being around you best when you..." and he gestures with his hand like he is wiping away tears. I'm not crying, but I do feel put upon and sad. Emotional, at any rate. Then he puts his head on my knees, rather than in my lap, and I have to reach a long ways to smoothe and caress his hair, which I do. I say, "I just don't understand." He says, "Ira Nah-nah," and looks at me knowingly, like I should get it. (262 words)
#2967 (1996-05-31)

I am in a church community room and a group of church members are there. I have led them to believe that I am dying and they are having a ceremony for me. It is their tradition to gather in a semi-circle around the injured or dying person. Each member offers a gift and connects with the one who is dying in very touching, loving ways. The woman explaining uses the following example: "If a dying person wants to be treated like a queen, then someone might bring them a robe and drape it over them and bow and treat them like a queen." So, first the group stands in the front of the room and sings "Oh, Come all Ye Faithful." I stand in front of them, singing with them. I am deeply moved and near tears as I sing with them. The song is beautiful and I haven't sung for a long time, what with my throat difficulties. I am feeling very guilty for accepting all this outpouring of love on false pretenses, since I am not dying. Ellie is there sitting to my left. She looks at me, knowing I am cheating. [BL] (195 words)
#2970 (1996-06-03)

A young man, sort of an older version of the young boy of the previous dream, is desperate to connect with me. He follows me and does whatever he can to be with me. This is dangerous to me. I feel bad for him and keep trying to get away. He pursues. (52 words)
#2972 (1996-06-05)

Sharon L is teaching me to play a saxophone. At first I am terrible, with squeaks and noises, but with constant practice, I become very good. I am a man and on a stage. The audience is sparse and not too interested, but as I practice, the audience gets bigger and more interested. I decide to do a comedy act with the sax. The stage is very high. I see a paper with an article about 5th and 6th grade students and how as an audience they are disdainful and rude. They wander around and ignore and make noises talking among themselves. By now I am quite good and the audience is thick and attentive but very far away, and the stage is so very high. Now I have an orchestra of sorts with maybe five violins. I decide to expand and play the blues fiddle as well. I see Curtis Salgodo in the crowd and ask him to join me onstage playing the cello. We improvise. The music is very good. I'm thinking of learning the blues harp as well. Now the audience is also on the stage in raised seating behind me. I have only a narrow strip of stage to work on. I nearly fall off the front of the stage and get a dizzy sense of vertigo whenever I get close to the edge of the stage. I'm playing well and the audience is attentive, but distant. (241 words)
#2973 (1996-06-05)

I am a woman who is being terrorized by a man who takes a medicine and is invisible. He grabs the steering wheel of the car I'm driving and tries to crash us and so on. I flee. Now I am a man and the same invisible man is after me. It is a life and death situation. I suspect my psychiatrist. I go into his office to see if I can find evidence. He comes in and I hide in his closet. a roomy coat closet. He comes in and I hide behind coats. He says to me, "I can smell you. I know you're here." He tries to feel me but barely misses me. He leaves. Now I've driven up to my own cabin or house. I sing opera and a rock group wants me to sing with their band, blending the two forms of music. The invisible man comes. There are lots of people in the room and I fire my pistol into the invisible man many times. Everyone thinks I've gone crazy and I ask them to leave. The supposedly dead, invisible man lays under my pool table. I feel for a pulse; he is still alive and I shoot many more bullets into him. Finally he is dead. Then a second invisible man is after me. I fight him too. It is terrorizing a nightmare. (230 words)
#2976 (1996-06-19)

I have a questionnaire and I need three women and three men to answer it for me. I am on a bus and the door is open. A swarming crowd of revelers are all around. I watch as a man with a blue face lies on the sidewalk and tells the woman he's with that he loves her. I chuckle because it is obvious they are strangers and the man is horny. I try to ask several men to fill out the questionnaire. They are too rushed and busy. One hesitates and I kindly assure him he can go on, I can find someone else. Now the bus accidentally got caught in the Rose Parade. The marchers are a bit annoyed at us and we try to drive out of the way and park in a parking lot. We see a man who is very angry at a policeman for reprimanding him and he is angrily smashing the policeman's car to bits. Now I am in a huge house, perhaps a mansion. I am worried about Charla. A woman has lured her away and has taken her into one of the rooms and is molesting her. I see an image of Charla with her vagina exposed. I race from room to room opening doors and looking. I hear Charla calling off in the distance. Maybe she's on the third floor. I keep looking, worried. [BL] (234 words)
#2979 (1996-07-18)

I am in a room. We are working with people who come in and tell their dreams. One man comes in and goes on and on about aliens and spaceships and so on, talking like he dreamed it. But I quickly catch on that he is mentally ill and just talking about his insane point of view of the world. Other people finally catch on and leave, disgusted or annoyed. I don't leave for awhile, hanging out to get the attention of this man. Lucy is around. (87 words)
#2980 (1996-07-21)

There are a lot of men who seem to be demandingly attracted to me. They are pushy and I am upset. I must defend myself and attempt to get them shoved out the doors and get the doors locked. They are poking at me and I am hitting back. There is a narrow hall somewhere. The locks don't work very well. (61 words)
#2983 (1996-07-26)

I am moving to an old house with odd rooms that spread out all over. Dwight/Howard is going to help me. Lucy and two babies are there. I am holding one and she is holding the other. We are trying to get them to nap as I walk around trying to think and organize how to manage this huge task. Finally, I get the baby to sleep. I open a door and it is a small bathroom. Really, only a bathtub is in it. I look at the kitchen, which has two or three wooden oak tables (dining room type) hanging way up on the wall for counter space. That will be awkward. Dwight/Howard comes in and I am frustrated trying to get his attention. He finally listens to my ideas but sighs and says, "It won't work. We made a mistake buying this rambling house and a mistake moving to M City. We belong back in the valley, so let's not take such care where things go and only unpack the essentials until we can move again." He then suggests we be friends again. I say, "No way." Now I kind of give up and sit on the couch with an older woman. I make a snide remark about how she can't work either because she's so old, and I can't work, cause I'm so old too. It's a sort of frustrated joke. Nothing seems to be going right. No one is helping. [BL] (244 words)
#2984 (1996-07-28)

Some man and I have a huge brick house like an old mansion. I am making a landscape plan and trying to decide where to put the new trees and where to put the flower garden. I see a huge old tree that springs out of the same seed as three other trees that are smaller. I decide to put a new tree in the corner by the brick wall of the mansion. But a terrible storm is brewing. All the neighbors are leaving the neighborhood because the big beautiful trees are going to fall down and it is dangerous. We decide to stay and weather it out in our strong house. We go in and now others are with us. We go up to the top floor. One woman goes out on a balcony and nearly falls over the edge. I warn everybody to be careful because the marble and the stones are slippery. Meanwhile I am aware that there are spirits and ghosts there. One may have pushed the woman who nearly went over the edge. Ellie says her mother and father-in-law were there, in spirit form because they were dead. I feel scared. (196 words)
#2985 (1996-07-28)

I have hired two men to work as my personal assistants while I am in class. One is Paul (from acting class) and one is a Chicano man. I come in late and fuss with my stuff and don't pay much attention to the teacher. Then Paul comes over. He is angry at me. He says I don't want to work with you any more. You're not really interested in the classes, you only want the attention. I am offended and uppity. I say, "I don't care if he quits, I hardly use him anyway. I do things myself." He walks away, but hangs around watching me in disapproval. Meanwhile I ask the Chicano man to do something and I realize I haven't bothered to pay him for weeks. I try to figure out how much I owe him. I hadn't really used his services for a long time but I did keep him on the payroll. So I write a check for $45, after deliberating if I should given him the third week, since I couldn't remember how long it was since I paid him. I decide to do the right thing and guess on the generous side. He is happy and Paul is impressed that I still have some humane values left. I try to enter the class like a regular student, not being late and making a fuss. (231 words)
#2986 (1996-07-29)

I am in a crowd of people. We are teens or young adults at a movie. Some man says to me as we are leaving, "You didn't behave well this time. You left early and attracted attention." Later me and my friends come back to ride in hot air balloons. It's a contest of some kind. I am in mine and I hold a goose close to my chubby belly. It lays an egg. We go up and float around. It's fun. (82 words)
#2988 (1996-08-05)

I am watching as a bus comes around the corner of the house I'm in. A friend and neighbor, a man is driving the bus for kicks and the dark-haired woman driver is standing near the door laughing. It's all a good time joke. I laugh. Now I walk down the sidewalk to the woman's house. I buy a lace beige dress for $17. I am now eating oatmeal and drop a hot blob of it on my lap. It melts a big hole in the lace pattern. I am very surprised. I say to the woman, who is now playfully in the lap of the man, who I like, "I guess I'll have to ask for my money back." I don't want us to quarrel about this since my man friend seems to like her so much. I also feel a bit sad or jealous it is her and not me. She says quietly, "No, I don't give refunds." I am a bit annoyed, but still want us to be on friendly terms. I say, "Are you saying this happens to all the dresses like this? Because if it only happened to mine, then I have a defective dress and should be refunded. If it is all the dresses, then you sell defective merchandise and I should be refunded. Maybe I'll go find a lawyer and talk to him about my rights." She agrees to refund me. (238 words)
#2990 (1996-08-09)

I am in a small town with Patricia and Charla. There is going to be a parade and a turkey roundup. We are walking down the street trying to find the best place to see the turkey roundup. We pass many people lined up on the streets to watch the parade. Finally we realize we've gone too far. I do see a place behind us that has music and big klieg lights. I figure that must be the place. We walk back to that place and see several circles of people dancing in bright and colorful costumes, but no turkeys. Now we go up some stairs into a building and find children in a circle to do the kid turkey roundup. We see the kids trying to catch baby turkeys. Charla goes into the circle. I see a turkey chick (which looks pretty much like an eagle or owl) on the back shoulder of a boy. Now Charla has her turkey and we decide to head back home, only now we are flying in a plastic laundry basket. We are looking at this new city called Yamhill which is all manmade. Patricia is saying that it is a shame that underneath all this beauty and modern convenience are debris and decay. Hidden beneath the pretty buildings and the manmade lakes are piles of rubbish. I nearly fall out of the basket several times as we fly over the city. (239 words)
#2991 (1996-08-12)

I am at some religious healing revival meeting. Bonnie and Mateo are with me and some other woman. Behind me is an older woman and her husband. She is trying to talk to me and then starts repeating her words, like she's caught in a do-loop where she starts a sentence and can't finish it so she goes back and tries again. The husband cautions us not to interrupt her because that makes it worse. I have seated myself so I am near the aisle so I can wheelchair out if I need to. But as more people arrive, that aisle is filled up. I am given a huge syringe with a long needle. I watch another woman as she stabs herself with it and injects the healing fluid (which looks like water). I try it and make a stab at my leg. It goes through the muscle and out the other side (through the skin, really). The fluid leaks out I try and save it. (166 words)
#2992 (1996-08-18)

I am piloting a plane, a fighter jet. I am flying low over the most beautiful terrain -- blue waters, deep canyons, mountains. I struggle to keep the nose up so I don't hit rough rocks and mountain jags. The terrain becomes rough and barren. I decide I prefer the more beautiful stuff and it shifts. Now I notice I am nearly out of gas. Apparently I was so enthralled with the flying and the beauty I neglected to notice the status of my fuel. I am embarrassed and concerned. I radio in a help call. An airport nearby answers. Then I run out of gas and have to try and hang glide in without power. It is a difficult struggle, but I manage it well. I land relatively safe, with the nose of the plane up against the back wall. There are some dents, but it is all in all intact. I am proud of my flying and others come over, also impressed. (164 words)
#2993 (1996-08-26)

I am going down a street and see Archie, who is very sad. He is growing older and has a disability, a limp or something. He can't do his dance as he has before. I point out I know what that's like. I try and be sympathetic with him. I am interrupted by a woman who works for Lori and Dan T. She asks me to come to the office. I tell Archie to wait and I go into an office room. Lori is there, rather upset with me, and hands me a paper. I feel trapped and don't want to deal with this face to face, but now that I am here, let's get it over with. The paper is a bill for a phone call made by a Mr. Nelson for $48. She wants me to pay it. I hesitate and then get clear. "No," I say, "I will not pay this bill. It is not my bill. And furthermore I am very unhappy that you billed me for the carpet. I will not pay for that. In fact, I am expecting you to reimburse me my prorated rent and my security deposit." She becomes very upset and dramatically says to her woman assistant she cannot listen to any more of this. Her face is contorted in over-dramatic nerves. I am aware of Archie waiting for me across the street. I feel compelled to try and get to him, before he gets upset and leaves. I am caught in the middle again. [BL] (254 words)
#2994 (1996-08-27)

I am with some people. The men are selfish and rude. They get ahead of me and create a wooden sidewalk to where they want to go and it blocks my access. I ask them, "What about me?" They pay no attention. Now they are pushy and hurtful. I go into a house and find a man on a bed with blood all over him. He is very badly injured. I ask him if he needs me to call 911. He can't speak because of the pain, but nods his head yes. I try to find a phone. Finally, I have had enough. Those harassing men are after me. I had been trying to be accommodating, but now I just want them away from me. I'm tired of them hurting me. I yell at them, "Get into the boat! Get into the boat!" I shove them off and then see they have taken my purse. I demand they return it, saying, "I suppose you've taken all my money and credit cards." They arrogantly toss the purse at me. I am angry. (181 words)
#2995 (1996-08-28)

I and some other women are in a room. I see water pouring into the room. I get very concerned. The room will fill up soon and we will drown. We look for an escape route. I see a window. We end up in another room, only the water is following us. I look out another window and see a huge drop off. It's a well or tower area, but I look way up and see daylight. There's an open area up there. It's our only chance -- to go with the flow of water out the window and dog paddle in it until it rises up high enough to reach that light. It's like walking into death and riding it up to life. We do so and successfully make it, only to find that area of the castle is filled with men who intend to rape us. What irony! [BL] (150 words)
#2996 (1996-08-30)

Nate returns. He is drunk. I am glad to see him. We begin to make love. Nate is angry and verbally abusive. I try to ignore that and stay with the sexual feelings. It's taking a long time to get to orgasm. An old woman walks in and chides Nate for his slowness. Nate stops. I am sexually frustrated. The old woman and I go to the "Hollywood" elevator to go upstairs. It is a raised seat, like a throne with a canopy over it. She and I sit on either side of the chair rather than decide who gets to sit on the throne. Somehow the sexual feelings are still there and maybe the old woman and I are going to finish it when we get upstairs. (128 words)
#2997 (1996-08-30)

I am working at someplace where I work with the troubled cases. We have been given orders to move to another location. I feel tired. I am now looking for the new place. I see that it's a huge dorm or fraternity type house. I go past the eating booths. I find a sort of kitchen and then see a sign that says, "student rooms." I go in there and find long tables. I see Darryl sitting at the end of the one right by the door. I am very surprised and pleased to see him. I say, "Hi." He is happy to see me. I squat down and look up at him while he lays on his belly on the table and talks. He tells me some stuff about how he is working here now too. His face is very pimply. It is not so attractive. He looks as young as in high school, a teen. I answer his question and say, "I work with the troubled cases." He is a cook or cook's helper. It is time for him to go get the next rolling cart of food. He goes into an elevator and goes down. I wait. He comes back up. I peak in and see bologna slices on the cart. He doesn't want me to touch them. (221 words)
#2998 (1996-09-01)

I am watching a man working hard, over and over trying to figure out what his dream symbols mean. I begin to have feelings of empathy and affection. In fact, I look him over and decide I wouldn't mind making love to him. I then tell him that I know what his dream symbols mean, because I dream the same ones. I tell him I am in lots of pain all the time, so the dreams where many people are hurting me and biting me is me hurting myself. I seem to be getting closer to him physically as I talk and I also become very sleepy, or I am pretending to be sleepy. It's like I'm drunk and it's kind of cute. He smiles at me and now my head is laying on his chest and we are cuddling. He says, "I love you." I say, "I know. And I love you." (153 words)
#2999 (1996-09-01)

I am driving a car right behind a car that is making the road. It is the command car of the road construction crew. We are driving slow. It is hard to be patient. Finally after a long time it is made enough that we can go on. I am napping, I am tired. Now I wake up and Lydia, Caroline, and Delia are here. I now see the top of my head as if I am looking down on someone else's head. It is bald across the top part and there are big red welts, like my arthritis bumps on my elbows. I feel sick about it. I almost sense relief that I can wear wigs now and have pretty hair-dos. But I also feel bad I have to wear wigs. It's so false and uncomfortable. (137 words)
#3000 (1996-09-02)

I am in a room and Archie comes in. He is wrinkled and wears half glasses perched on the end of his nose. He looks in his forties. He is annoyed with me. I think I took a class from him and he's not going to give me a passing grade. I sit over by a very huge fish tank, several hundreds of gallons big. I see some angel fish and others. Some of the fish I must have gotten from when I was married to Howard; others are newer. The water is very cloudy and murky. It hasn't been cleaned in a long time. (105 words)
#3001 (1996-09-03)

I am in a room with lots of people, a classroom. A short funny guy, like on that TV Burt Reynolds's show, is the instructor. He is running around, full of high energy and talking non-stop. I am in the row chosen to do some role playing, some acting. I am given the role of being unmarried and having an important project to do (like write a book or play) and therefore I don't want to get married. I have more important things to do. He prompts me that it is my turn. I go up to the teacher's desk where another man is. We ad-lib. He says, "So are you getting married?" and I answer in my cute, feisty way, "Married!! Don't be silly. I've got these important projects to do." They love what a good actress I am. I go sit down. Now it is the next day and I pick up the newspaper. I see a huge picture of people seated, maybe in a stadium or an auditorium. I see a woman that looks a bit like me. I read the story and caption under the picture. It is about me and what a great job I did acting. I bask in the glory and tell my daughter, "Well, here's another newspaper story about me that my friends and acquaintances will see." I feel proud. (228 words)
#3002 (1996-09-03)

There's the same little man as the previous dream. It's the next day. A friend of mine, like Marti S, is very upset with him. He had made some public remarks that indicate she isn't authentic or wasn't accurate. We go to his class again. I sit back in the room, wondering if he will see me and remember me. The room is very crowded. He comes in, prancing with energy. Marti raises her hand and he calls on her and she goes on and on, not making much sense, challenging him. He takes the challenge well, and appoints a row of students to help him test her and judge how she did. She says some words and he will check them out. Then he sees me and comes over by me. I see a picture of his two adorable children and his wife. He says, or I realize, that he is a wheelchair man. He loves women who are in wheelchairs. I am attracted to him, but don't want to disturb his family. He is attracted to me too. Now he is showing a film as educational evidence. I move to sit on a big double bed with a blue chenille bedspread. I walk over there, noticing I am walking pretty good. I sit. Later I feel the bed bouncing as he wiggles his way over next to me on the right side. He lays on his back, half slid off the bed, looking up at me. I see children in the movie. I wonder if they are his. I hear his voice doing the narration. (267 words)
#3003 (1996-09-04)

I am in India. I am overwhelmed with all the sick people and I am trying to help heal them. A man asks me to his office to talk. He is attracted to me. He takes my hand. His hand is brown. He holds a red flower in his hand and he puts our hands together with the flower between us so that as we shake hands, the flower is crushed so that it's sweet perfume is on both of us. It is some courting ritual. I believe the man is an Indian doctor. I am distracted, with so much to do. (102 words)
#3004 (1996-09-05)

I am trying to send a huge text file on the Internet to Russia. They are going to help me. But I begin to wonder if this is too big a text to be sent and if the Russians can be trusted to work with it and return it. Now, I am watching a group of women, young, who are hanging out having some kind of ritual party to get rid of the "losers" they had dated. There is some kind of container with a sign on it about the "losers." You can ritualistically put your "loser's" name in the pot. One woman is more aloof from the others. I see her leg as she steps out from the side to watch. (122 words)
#3005 (1996-09-05)

I have fallen out of the sky, perhaps an airplane, and am lost up in the mountains in the deep snow. I feel like giving up. It's too much to imagine I can make it back down the mountain. Then I realize I must try. I crawl and struggle. Someone else is in a house trying to watch TV. She has a movie on one channel and another movie comes on. It is confusing. By the time I come down off the mountain, I have an injured leg. [BL] (88 words)
#3006 (1996-09-08)

I am sitting on the ground. Abner, my cousin, comes over to me and sits beside me. He gently puts his arm around me. We have had to not be romantic all our lives because we are cousins. But now we are older and can't have children, so it's OK for us to be romantic and have a loving relationship. I feel strange, like this isn't right, and yet I am drawn to the soft, quiet, loving sense of it. Now Willie drives up and sees us. He is jealous. Now the three of us are in his car driving somewhere. They both love me. I sit between them. I love Abner best. (113 words)
#3007 (1996-09-11)

I am looking through an old box of things and come across a newspaper clipping. I also see a paper I wrote on. The beginning word of each sentence created its own sentence, when you put them together. I chuckle to see my old childish way of coding words. I read the words. It says, "I am a playwright." I look at the newspaper clipping: a head and shoulders shot of me, like when I was the manager of the Fair Store in M City. The paragraph under it said I had received some awards for my writing. Some man, who is annoyed and jealous, says that I always get mentioned before and after banquet events. How come? I feel a little embarrassed. (123 words)
#3008 (1996-09-11)

I am going to see some kind of event, maybe a fair or a sporting event. Jake may be with me. I walk down many, many stairs, looking for the place. It doesn't seem to be that many people around. I go into a room and a fun ride is there. I want to go on it, so I sit down on the dresser. There should be a basket like thing to sit in, but it's not there. A woman goes and gets a wire basket, white, and places it so I can put my feet in it and have better support that way. The ride begins and it is actually fun as the dresser swirls and twirls around the room. It is more exciting than I usually experience with this kind of ride. (134 words)
#3009 (1996-09-12)

I am lying down in a car somewhere and three different people and a couple are trying to have sex with me. It is very unpleasant. There are no sexual feelings, just a sense of disgust and being used and forced. They get up and leave and one man is still there, and I say to him, "I hope that doesn't happen again." (63 words)
#3010 (1996-09-12)

I am in a room and my stepfather and my "mother" and some other people are there. I am experiencing some pain on the inside of my mouth on the right cheek, like I bit it and it is sore. The stepfather is distant and not helpful as I point out my pain. [BL] (53 words)
#3011 (1996-09-13)

Jerome comes into the room. He is having an affair with a woman, or maybe with me. I see his wife and feel wary. Jerome and I talk, exchanging some key or a lock on the sly. His wife has no idea. I think Jerome is very cute and good-looking. I am somewhat attracted to him and he to me. (60 words)
#3012 (1996-09-15)

I see a data form. The name B. is typed out. There are other columns laid out, but when I push, or perhaps some other woman pushes the computer buttons, the columns shift around into different configurations and sizes. I am organizing something. I do it in chunks or blocks. [BL] (50 words)
#3013 (1996-09-15)

I am in a huge Victorian house with other people. There are lots of kids. I am going down the halls and seeing groups of kids spilling out of the rooms and into the hallways. Now water is rushing in and I must run as fast as I can upstairs to the roof. I make it to the small windowed room at the very top. Now that room is like a space craft, NASA to be exact, hexagonal in shape, or the cone tip on the rocket. We must escape. I and some others are put into a suspended state, sort of like the beam-up thing in Star Trek. It disengages all our molecules, stores them and when we arrive at the new planet, which will support human life, we are reassembled. We travel hundreds of years and then I am reactivated. I guess earth was being destroyed and the smartest and best leaders, especially with good facilitating skills, were chosen to start the new home. (166 words)
#3014 (1996-09-16)

I am going to have to travel since I now am in some military or spy organization. I look into the mirror at my hair. It is coal black and then I notice that only a small part of the front is black, the rest is my usual brown-gray color. A man offers to help me make my hair look better. I am alone and isolated and agree to let him help me. I shampoo my hair, standing up at the mirror. Then he shapes and cuts my hair. Now I am moving into my new quarters. I look out the window and see snow falling, a light dusting on the ground and the grass ends at the beginning of a giant wall of the other cement building. It's a big complex. I then look into the room and survey the sparse furniture, the lack of any decorations, etc., a single bed. I feel lonely. (155 words)
#3016 (1996-09-20)

I am trying to convince this man, who is aloof and does not respect me, that I am not a sexual slut as he seems to be convinced I am. I am looking at a scrapbook with each of my previous boyfriends in it, in chronological order. Each one has a fond memory but the overall feeling of each one is that he was a mistake. There was something wrong with each one, bad choices. (75 words)
#3017 (1996-09-20)

Ernie is seated at my computer and working on something to help me get things straightened out. I am at the back of the computer looking at the connections. Something needs to be plugged in again and he says he will do it for me and I say, "No, I need to learn to do it." I plug a yellow round wire end into a tiny yellow hole, and the same with a black one and then I hesitate with the pink one and Ernie says, "Yes, that's right, you've got it." I grin and say, "I only watched it being done before. It's hard to remember how to do things unless you do them yourself." He agrees. I then find my wheelchair, which is sort of folded up like a manual. I struggle to unfold it myself. The backpack, or recharger, is stuck and Ernie reaches over and unhooks it so I can continue. (155 words)
#3020 (1996-09-25)

I am at some college function. The entertainment, two black men who are blind, comes. I happen to be sitting right where they sit down. I am pleased and say things like, "My friend Lucy is blind." The black man, with thick lips and dreadlocks, looks toward me scornfully and says, "Who asked you?" Then he starts picking on me. He asks me how come my lips look so funny, all pursed out when I say words. I start to explain it's a combination of entertainment and it's also sort of the way my lips just move. Then I say to him, "Well, you should talk. Look at your lips, all thick." We do this back and forth for a while. Now I am running on a track. There is a cluster of uniformed track women running ahead. I, the dreamer, watch them pass and I look way beyond them down the track and see me dead last. I have a limp and I am slow, but I am up and I am running. I feel good about that. Now I go to my dorm room, only I accidentally go to the 7th floor and have to walk back down some stairs. I find the name Vfabray and know that's my roommate's name. I go in and see belated Xmas presents for Charla have arrived. I open them, and notice my roommate has already opened some and put the tiger lily flowers up in a hanging plant thing. It looks pretty, but I wish she'd waited for Charla. I look out the window and see some things like kites flying around, not making it very high and crashing to the ground. They are not damaged. (285 words)
#3022 (1996-09-26)

I am sitting on a couch. A friend, Keith, also a friend of Derek's (not in real life), comes in and behind him is walking, with some effort, Derek. I am surprised. He comes in and talks a bit. I respond back in a friendly manner. He is still uptight about our breakup and non-connection of the last few months. Keith comes over and sits beside me on the couch. Derek walks over and puts his face between our faces. I kiss him on the cheek. He is still distant, but then he keeps talking and I keep talking and then he kisses me on the lips in a genuine sweet kiss. (112 words)
#3023 (1996-09-28)

I have two or three female roommates. We are going to a wedding or a party. One woman is interested in another woman. I look at her face. It is a fishy monster face like those odd fish creatures on Star Trek movie, with bulbous eyes on the side of their heads. The other woman laughs in her face and says, "No thanks, I have this man in mind." We are at the party, in a room. The women search out their men and they are accepted, all but me. I watch the people; I walk around. Now a group of them are forming a circle. It is the group of people with disabilities, although they look normal enough. A tall man is talking. I like him. He is across the circle from me. As the circle moves and more people join, he and I are side by side. Everyone joins hands. His hand is warm, very warm. He glances down at me and smiles because he just felt how warm my hand was too. I like it. The feeling is we will get together later. Now I have a baby in front of me, the circle is gone and I am going to dress him in the garment I knitted for him, only as I try to put it on him, I see it has three legs. And the middle leg is off the needles and is unraveling. I try to save the stitches. I hole up a dress for him to approve, but it is a boy baby. He's not interested in a dress. This isn't working out. (270 words)
#3024 (1996-09-29)

I am attempting to write or do a major work on a screen, a TV screen. Maybe I'm writing a script. It's a big one, and important. Now two other screens are on, TV screens, and they are interfering with my work. The script is disintegrating into greeking letters, nonsense symbols. I try to save the script or program before it all disappears into nonreadable form. (66 words)
#3025 (1996-09-29)

There is a rowboat and a rat on the rowboat. I feel concern that I want to help the person on the rowboat by getting rid of the rats. Now I see a man putting the live rat in his mouth head first and realize his way of helping is to eat the rats. Ugh. (55 words)
#3027 (1996-10-01)

I am involved in a family presentation of a play, perhaps one of mine. I can't find my script. The presentation time is in two hours and I search over and over, all around. Paulina asks me what I'm doing. I say, "Looking for my scripts." I can't remember my lines. I feel apprehensive. No one is very helpful. I ask where we are going to perform. I need to experience the stage area so I know what I'm working with. She shows me the back yard where a line is drawn. I say, "There?" pointing to a small cement square. "No," she says. "That line." I say, "That line? Is it the back stage boundary or the front?" She says, "The back boundary." I keep looking for the script, getting more desperate as time passes. (136 words)
#3030 (1996-10-03)

I have returned to school, university. I've been here for years. It is getting old. I think I will go to the first meeting of the Disability Student group. I start off in that direction, going up some stairs. I see Rochelle. We talk. She asks me where I am going and I tell her. She says, "Oh, boring. I'm not going to that thing. It's always the same." I agree it is often boring, but it is a good opportunity to meet the new, young disabled people, the activists. I mention to Rochelle that I am looking for a TV set, another one, for maybe $100. We see some advertisements posted on a board and I go up to look. Some TV's are mentioned for $40. But I decide to wait, because they won't be fancy enough to do what I want them to do. I never make it to class. (152 words)
#3031 (1996-10-04)

Dan Dailey and a woman are lovers. They sweetly and deeply love each other and so much enjoy being in each other's company. They are making love. Later, Dan comes up to the woman and smiles and says, "Hey, like the mama kitty and the mama bird, you are the mama...." I don't remember it exactly. But it refers to earlier scenes where a cute kitty cat was taking care of its young and the same for a mama bird. It meant she was a very loving mama kind of person and he honored that in her. (97 words)
#3032 (1996-10-04)

I have so many books that they would fill up two huge library-sized rooms. I and a child like Charla are trying to walk down some stairs that are like piles of books. She had taken a 5 milligram dose of Cortisone and I was worried about this habit. I said, "That's like taking speed. That's not good for you." (60 words)
#3033 (1996-10-05)

I am an enthusiastic and creative lawyer. I am a bit like Debra Winger. My client won't give me much, if any, information. He gives me non-verbal hints. At one point he acts like he had an allergy so I know that the man on the witness stand had an allergy and used this to ferret out important information. At one point, I put fake, funny, pink pig ears on my client, and a fake pig nose. I dramatically and humorously use this to make another important point. I do well. Now I am walking down a corridor and behind me comes a good-looking man who tells me he saw my work in court and admires me. We talk, enjoying each other's company. We then become boyfriend and girlfriend. I think his name is Roger, or perhaps my previous boyfriend was named Roger. Now I go to my home and he is with me. We are talking about my previous boyfriend and his flaws. Someone knocks on the door and I open it. It is an elephant, a big one, and three different gurus. One wears a golden Indian outfit. Another is in modest white Indian costume. They want me to feed the elephant. They ask me if I have a large gallon pan. I search around and find a big metal mixing bowl. They say that will be fine. Meanwhile I am having a sort of discussion/argument with my lawyer boyfriend. (242 words)
#3038 (1996-10-13)

I am in a sort of classroom, only it's sort of like my house. I am explaining to the instructor (male) that he doesn't understand, what I'm dealing with is more complex than just the English language (like parts of speeches). I am working with Natural Language Programming. As I tell him this, I am moving a broken office chair (the back rest is lopsided and partially unattached) to another room and out of the way, only where I'm putting it is sort of where my computer would be in my house. (92 words)
#3041 (1996-10-18)

I am changing my clothes because Darryl and his bride came to our family dinner and I want to look nice. I go into a room and find some girl clothes, maybe Charla's hanging in the closet. I can't seem to find my own clothes. I see a large suitcase on a bed with a pile of rumpled clothes in it and dig around. I find a pair of jeans that may be big enough for my Buddha belly. I start to put them on when a small wooden sliding door opens and Doug is peeking in to see if he can see me naked. I tell him to get away. I am mad at him. I look again at the jeans and see they are way too big. They are Kyle's jeans. That won't do. I am feeling desperate. I want to look nice and I don't seem to have anything nice to wear. I do find a pretty rusty brown top and skirt and I have a petticoat on. I am telling some woman there that maybe the petticoat will show under the skirt because it is too long. She says, "It's fine," but I take it off. I actually do look fairly nice. I return to the dinner where a jumble of food is all over the table. I shyly talk with Darryl and his bride. I am thinking that it has been so many years but it is fitting we are together again. There is also some bad feeling that it is going to be wrong for us to get married. We would not be good for each other after all. (275 words)
#3042 (1996-10-18)

Eric gives me some papers to finish up for him. I am required to paint some pasty kind of stuff over the text or pictures and then rub it onto another paper with a roller. I see some baby raccoons, a cute big raccoon and some text that is too big for the size paper I should rub it onto. I struggle. Sometimes the substance I am using is thick, gooey and black, but sometimes it's a rusty color. I am worried I am not doing it right and may ruin it for Nate. I peel some of them off to see if it is working. I can't tell. Some are all right, some have black goop all over both sides, like carbon paper. (124 words)
#3043 (1996-10-19)

I am visiting the B's. Ernie is talking with some man and I am lying on a couch listening. I ask where Ginny is. He says in the bedroom. She'll be out in a minute. I am petting a large white and spotted cat with a Mohawk fur cut. I chuckle at the cat. I remember that Fluffy is gray and wonder where she is. Now the boys, Ricardo, Rigo and some of their friends pull me out onto a play area like a skating rink in a park. I am on a skateboard with all my things in my lap. I have knitting and clothes for warmth. It is winter. They are laughing and pulling me around and around. It is fun. I say, "Wait a minute, let me check my knitting." I see it has fallen under me and pull it out. One needle has all the stitches on it. The second needle is pulled out of the blue yarn. I try to put the stitches back on the needle as the boys continue to drag me around. Now Ernie is laughing and sitting squatted down like on a cold day, rubbing his hands. Ginny then walks up to me in a huge clown suit like a cat with a Mohawk. I say, "Are you on stilts?" and look and I see she is standing on my wooden crutches like they are stilts. We are all having fun. (240 words)
#3044 (1996-10-20)

I am in a hospital. I have a female roommate, sort of like Michelle Pfeiffer. I am being released and so is she, but then she comes back to tell me she has to have a surgery and can't leave yet. Her surgery will happen on the 21st. I say, "Too bad," and she leaves for another room. I wish, after she is gone, I had asked for her name and address so I could write her. Not that I wanted to, but that is what people do and I should have. I am packing up the files I had been working on while in the hospital, the Hollywood information on movies I'd been watching. Then Grandma Agnes comes in, much slimmer than she usually was, and asked me why I wasn't at the family gathering at her house yesterday. I say, embarrassed and caught, "I was busy doing stuff." So she, two aunts and my father come in to visit. They sit in a circle on chairs and I am lying down on a couch. We all go to sleep during our conversation. I wake up and so do they, and I feel embarrassed like I should have been more attentive. But I also think it is amusing that we all fell asleep together. Some visit! (217 words)
#3045 (1996-10-20)

I am getting into a group of women who are going into a bleachers area to sing group songs. I don't know what holiday it is, but this is a usual holiday thing to do. I and Andrea are trying to catch up with our group, but get lost and end up with a group of swimmers and divers. There is a swimming pool to the right, and in front of our bleachers is a pool used as the stage area. I watch a scene where a man and a woman get in a small rectangular rowboat and sing as we all sing the chorus. A wave or two comes up and splashes the woman and she mimes jumping up real quick so it doesn't get her all wet on her bottom. I and Aunt Bridget are sitting on the right side of the bleachers. It is very crowded. We sing along with the group but don't know the songs. I notice my voice is clear and pretty and I seem to be able to keep up with the words by listening carefully. I look over to the bleachers on my left and up and see a small group of people in green sort of fish costumes with green makeup on their faces. They are pretty and all the same. Now muffins and cookies and cakes are being served to the crowd and I can see they are moist and sweet and would taste really good, better than if we'd stayed with our own group. I look to my right and notice the water is all gone from the swim pool. There had been some girls taking lessons there. [BL] (279 words)
#3046 (1996-10-20)

I am in a house I've never seen before, a big one. I'm in the kitchen. I'm hungry and looking around for something to eat. Pickings are slim. I hear Howard outside in the front yard telling the neighborhood children not to play in our yard. I hear his boring, dead voice droning on about civic responsibility. I idly wonder if I could sleep with him now and have sex. I feel forgiving and try to imagine if I could do it without feeling horrible. It is a possibility. He comes in and I am at the sink rinsing a bunch of spaghetti and pretzels in the sink. He suggests I could go out and talk to the kids sometime. I say, "I agree I need something to do, but giving civic lessons to the kids isn't going to be it." Then I ask if he is hungry. He says yes, a little bit. I then hesitate and then ask if I can fix him some toast, or even fry a couple of eggs. I am relieved when he says no. I see a plastic container full of cooked spinach and ask him if that is his. He says yes. I see that he is on his belly on the floor, digging around in a cupboard for something. I ask him what he's trying to get. He says salt. I see him pick it up awkwardly with his teeth. I take it from his mouth and use it to salt his spinach and then my spaghetti. I notice he had put an unshucked ear of corn on my plate. I touch it. It is cool, and uncooked too. I decide not to salt it yet, but cook it first. (289 words)
#3049 (1996-10-21)

I am going to the Doctor's office. I see Dr. A having a cup of coffee. He is seated in a wooden school desk, the type with a wooden arm on one side. He sees me and asks me to have a cup of coffee with him. He is gentle and pleasant, seeming to want my company. We chat for awhile. He pats me on the arm and says sweetly, "I love you." He doesn't mean man/woman, but friendship. I say, "I love you too." He goes on. Then I remember I need a refill on my cortisone. I go in. A woman doctor says she can fill the prescription. It is a shot. I really live in some other town but decide to go ahead and get this month's shot now and save time. She is friendly with her women patients; she is sort of New Age. She now has a cream that looks like shaving cream and raises my blouse to expose my upper belly just below my breasts. This is the correct spot for the application of the cream. I am concerned that she might put too much on, how does it time itself for a whole month, and so on. She asks me how much I take and I say, "Four milligrams a day." I sort of feel this isn't right, but I can't remember any other number that is correct. She rubs the cream into my skin and that's that. There is no pain, and it's done. Then she offers a raffle ticket to me and two other women to go to a party and enjoy ourselves. After we are done, we can get reimbursed for the cost of the ticket by my brother Dwight. (290 words)
#3050 (1996-10-21)

We had a wonderful time at the party and it is 2 or 3 in the morning. It is time to go. The other two women insist I call Dwight right now and get our raffle ticket reimbursement. I say, "It's too late." They insist, so I try to find his number. I say, "He hasn't got a number of his own," and then I remember he's married now and not living with my parents. I find the number. I don't feel good about this. I wake him up and tell him what we want. He says gently but firmly, "No, that's not fair. It was her raffle ticket. Why should I have to pay out of my own pocket?" I can see the reasoning on this and feel bad and caught between Dwight and the two women. I explain to them. (142 words)
#3051 (1996-10-22)

I am feeling very ill. My daughter Ellie had been very ill with the flu. I guess it was my turn now. I am semi-lying in an overstuffed chair. I look down and see both my legs are in one leg hole of a huge man's briefs. I am embarrassed. I notice my fat belly. I am naked, but the flu and the fever is so bad I can barely move. Ellie comes over to me and leans close. I feel her take something in her mouth and put it in me somehow. It is a hard lump of something I can feel and move around in my belly. It is very uncomfortable. I get up with difficulty and try to walk. I had seen a woman that looks like a witch woman and I need to go to her. Now I am on a toy train and it has rubber tires and as I drive it around the narrow wooden structure, the wooden gates are too low and I have to think my way through. I finally arrive where the witch woman is. Lots of people are sick. I find her lying on her face in a kind of trance as she works with someone else. I tell her my daughter put this horrible thing in me and I am sick. She works with me and gets it out for me. I get back on the train for a ride. (241 words)
#3053 (1996-10-24)

I am an odd-looking computer machine, quite bulky, old-fashioned and metal. I am told to check out www.20.com. So I don't know how to do this, but push a lot of buttons, one that says "w." on it. All of a sudden, I notice that many different printers are starting to print. An old-fashioned calculator, adding machine is printing out numbers on a paper roll. Then money in the form of bills come out of a metal slide and start dumping out. I run around to the front to retrieve them before they get wet in the water or blow away in the wind. (104 words)
#3055 (1996-10-25)

I am watching in a sex therapist Doctor's office. A woman comes in and is naked and semi-lies on the examining table. The Doctor without a word gets on her and makes love to her. It is hot and heavy. Then she leaves. Later she returns, a few minutes later, and they repeat the procedure. Each time she takes the position of pulling her legs up near her head. It is quite mechanical and I am amazed at the Doctor's performances on command. Now another woman comes in naked with big breasts. He lays her on the couch and plays with her breasts and it is all very exciting. I feel great sexual excitement, but no orgasm. (117 words)
#3056 (1996-10-25)

I am in a kitchen and notice the piled up dishes and mess. I feel bad. I haven't cleaned up for years. Howard probably is tired of that. I try to do some dishes and find a pretty cobalt blue pitcher where the handle and the spout are on the edge seams of the square corners. It's really cute. It has the words "Howard's Place" printed on it in white ink. Now I can't get the kitchen faucets to close down no matter how I turn them. I finally ask Howard how to do it. He is in the bathroom showering and I knock on the door. He calls out how. I do it. Then I go into another kitchen; more mess. I sigh. I must have not done a thing for a long time. I feel sorry for poor Howard, living in these conditions. I feel energy to clean and start in. [BL] (153 words)
#3057 (1996-10-27)

I am lying in a big double bed with maroon colored sheets and I am tired and want to sleep way into the morning. Some other person, male, is in the bed too, at the other side and they want to get up. I resist getting up. Then I am having throat spasms and the hospital crew don't know how to help me and I can't talk to them to tell them to give me cortisone. I am angry at them. They think they know what to do and are screwing up. (92 words)
#3058 (1996-10-27)

I am upset with myself because for years I'd been taking a few classes here and there and often not finishing them or doing the work. I have a long string of incompletes on my transcript. I am wishing now that I had chosen a 2-year master's program and just focused on that and done it. I'd have something by now if I'd done that. Some how this has to do with moving to a new city to turn over a new leaf, many years ago. The feeling is that in some other dream I had moved to a city to start school. Now in this dream I'm at the other end. So I try to do some homework and now I go to the school office to pay my tuition and fill out papers. The secretary is busy and I watch a mentally retarded girl lean over the counter, laying on it in my way, so I walk to the right and catch a secretary's attention. She asks for $56. I hand her a sealed envelope with my tuition in it. I thought it was to be $53. She opens it and pulls out a piece of paper where I had drawn pictures. I look at it and am surprised to see many different pictures of my cat in different poses and postures. I thought I'd only done one. I point out the empty spot where the mentally retarded girl had blocked my way. The secretary says, "That's a cold spot." I say yes, because that's the feeling I got from it. [BL] (263 words)
#3059 (1996-10-28)

I am in a M City school building. I am looking for the bathroom. I find it and go in. I see there are no handicapped stalls. I either stand up and pee into a basket, or I walk into the toilet area and use a stall. I choose to walk in. It doesn't hurt, and I am surprised. I walk from one stall to another looking for the right one. Some are filled already with people, some aren't flushed and some are too low to the ground. I find one I think will work and go in. I pee, and as I get up, I see blood, even under the toilet, like it had poured out or leaked out. I am a bit concerned, but not too much. I notice I feel a cramp in my belly, like when I'm having periods. I decide I must have started having periods again, after so many years. A man comes up and a nurse and they want to check me over. They walk me to the blood lab area to do some tests. Either it's a period or I am sick sand hemorrhaging. (192 words)
#3060 (1996-10-28)

I am at some big college-like school. Some of the women students have stolen a recently dead man's corpse and are playing with it, doing some silly witch-like rituals over it for fun. I and a woman friend are shocked to see this (in the gym). After they are done, the audience is leaving and so are we. I say to my friend, "Come on, let's follow and see if we can retrieve the corpse and take it back where it belongs." My friend is in agreement and is surprised I cared enough to do this. We figured the element of surprise will be with us, because we are so quick to go to where I am sure they are going to leave it, namely in the sorority lunch room activity center area. I search and search, in drawers, opening doors, etc. and finally find a box which it might be in. I pick it up and sneak off to find the male professor that it goes to. I go down the halls hoping to remember his name. I find a college of his and ask to talk to him. I begin to wonder just who I can trust here. [BL] (200 words)
#3061 (1996-10-28)

The first moment I laid eyes on this white, large, two-story house, I loved it. The woman who owns it says she'll sell it to me and I can move in right now and we'll do the papers later. I and my daughters start to move in. Each can have their own bedroom, the outside lawn is spacious and pretty, the rooms large and comfortable. I begin to be concerned because I haven't even asked how much for the house and if I will qualify for a bank loan for that amount. I am tired of living in my cramped little house, but it was the best I could afford. This will be much more. I see the short, almost midget-sized woman who owns it and go to her. I say, "I want to talk about the details before I get all moved in and then have to leave." She is busy driving a tractor towing a cart and I follow her, talking all the while. She smiles and wants to know what that other woman said about her. I say, "Nothing much." I didn't really listen. She says, "Good. Don't worry. We'll make a deal." She wants me to have the house. [BL] (203 words)
#3062 (1996-11-01)

I am on the sidewalk in a crowd. A parade of some kind is about to happen. As I start to work my way through the crowd to get to the curb edge to see better, an Eastern Indian man in a white diaper-like thing dashes past me and shoves his way past me. I notice with some negative shuttering that he only has one leg. He bounces on a table and then takes off. Later, some people are accusing me of something and need to know where I was. I describe in detail where I stood, the man and what he looked like. My witness is Lucy, a blind woman, who had smelled him and that was good enough. They believed us. (123 words)
#3063 (1996-11-01)

I am looking at Lucy who is talking. It is the middle of the night. I was awakened. I am talking with her, telling her something about what I feel and so on. I feel a strong wave of affectionate love for her and stop the conversation to tell her that. We hug. It is sweet. I lean against her back. (61 words)
#3064 (1996-11-03)

I am at some work-related meeting and have discovered that some organization needs to be done. It had been done in the past and now it hasn't been done for a while. I decide to go ahead and do it right then and there and work up some name and address sheets and a newsletter and so on so things can get going again. It was pretty easy to do. Now I go home (not familiar). Bonnie is there and Angel is outside. I am organizing piles of things: candies, utensils, toothpicks, that were in purses. I go out to see how Angel is doing and see an island where a friend lives. There is wilderness all around the island, except for the part facing my house. I start to try and figure out how to get over there. I am stopped by a group of men who are now sitting around a circle, squatted, only they are suited gangster types. I whisper to Bonnie, "I'll bet they are gangsters." She says she'll bet a Real Lean Dollar and 5 cents that they aren't. One comes up to me and asks if I am one of the Simply Four, a gangster group. I laugh and say no, but somehow this proves they are of that group. I say I am B. They have heard of me. I am now on the island and notice it is very tiny, a sand spit really, with the tamest creek going around it and a stone walk to the almost park-like "wilderness " in the back. I am a bit disappointed. (267 words)
#3066 (1996-11-07)

An entire family is traveling on a train. The parents are in one car, some of the children in other cars. I see their sleeping faces as though I'm outside the train looking at them through the windows. It is a tragedy. This entire family of nice people are going to die. I witness the wreck and then they are all dead. I feel sad. (65 words)
#3067 (1996-11-07)

I am flapping my arms to get up into the air. It's sort of a swimming motion and a flying motion. I get airborne, the sky is very clear and blue. I see nothing but sky until I see a short small missile with a green metal tip coming at me. I duck and then the next and next. I am exhausted because they are coming fast and deadly. I must keep this up or I will die. (78 words)
#3068 (1996-11-05)

I am giving a lecture at a conference which was very successful. Now I am walking across campus to go to another meeting room. I am accompanied by male colleagues and dignitaries. I turn to my right and see a male angel in a green surgical gown and a surgical net hat on who is carrying a bouquet of flowers to bring to me. He is in harness like fliers on stage. I receive the flowers and say, "Thanks." We arrive at the meeting room. I step through the door and stop suddenly. There is a small platform and then a huge room, ill kept, paint peeling, not swept, hardly any chairs. I see some children already seated on the floor and warmly greet them. More are coming in. (129 words)
#3069 (1996-11-08)

I am in a large gym. A band is playing. I see Hojo on the drums. I admire the large biceps of his arms. I didn't know he played drums. Maybe I'll rethink how I feel about him. I've always wanted to be in relationship with a drummer. Now a play is going on and Hojo is in that too. I am way off in a corner of the gym, even away from the audience area, all alone. I am trying to be quiet and inconspicuous, but the players come over to my corner and a woman in a bride's dress is acting and I join in to help her. Now I'm off to the side and the play is over. Hojo comes over and I stand and then sit as we talk. Some man is talking about playwriting and I can't help myself. I chime in and say, "Well, I write plays and I find that when you write for someone else it isn't your best work. It doesn't come from the heart and soul." Then Hojo says, "I didn't know I was taller than you. Stand up again." I don't, because it would hurt. (196 words)
#3070 (1996-11-10)

I am shown a sweet little kitty white with black spots, like a Dalmatian. He is called a Grandma Cat. I hold him and pet him. Then a man throws the kitties out of the compound into the dangerous outlying area. I am furious with him and stand up tall and look up at him and tell him off. How can a person who treats innocent kitties this way can be trusted as a leader of the people? I go out to the dangerous area and dig in the dirt and find a kitty like Boomer. I am so happy to find him. I must bring them back into the safety of the compound. (114 words)
#3071 (1996-11-11)

I am helping Bill Clinton show a group of people some souvenirs he had: a pair of red slippers from Japan in a plastic wrap. I take the package from Mr. Clinton and walk over to the group and hand it to someone. This goes on for awhile. Now it's over and I am going to go teach a class at elementary school. I walk through one classroom where they have no furniture; they sit on the floor. I see a man and say to a friend that I am interested in having a relationship with him. I go on. She tells him what I said. He thinks it over and then follows me into my classroom. He, I realize now, is slightly retarded or slow. I wonder about my choice. I am resetting the heater. I put in a new part and start it up. He says to me, "Did you hygenate it first?" It needs hygenation. Or it will blow up." I realize I hadn't even considered looking at the directions and missed this important step. (178 words)
#3073 (1996-11-12)

I am in some kind of hospital or nursing home. A woman dies during the night. Some of us feel sorry for her because she died alone, no friends or family. So we bury her (in her urn) with a jar of M & M's for company. The next morning some people found out and are very upset with us, thinking we were just playing a crude prank. I am explaining to a young man why we did it. I begin to cry and he holds me in his arms soothingly. I say, "This will be hard for you to understand because you are young, in your early to mid-twenties, but I am 53 and much closer to the end of the conveyor belt of life than you are and death scares me. You hardly even think of it." He is supportive and sympathetic. (144 words)
#3074 (1996-11-12)

I am exhausted. The little girl, like Charla, is finally asleep. I am sitting in a wooden chair next to her. Ellie is holding her hand, trying to help her get to sleep. I nod to Ellie sleepily. She asks me something, and I nod, but I didn't really hear what she said. She leaves. I look up and see a glass cage with a monkey that looks like a cat in it, under water, breathing quite happily and content in the water. A water bottle for animals is in there and it sucks on the straw for the liquid food. I think it's cute and am amazed it can breathe under water. However, we have to be vigilant because when it is night time and it is sleepy, we have to move it to the regular metal cage so it can breathe air, or it will drown during its sleep. That is sort of Ellie's job. Now I am asleep and Ellie is trying to wake me up. She shakes me and I struggle to wake up. I mumble something and she says in a most appreciative voice, "Thanks, Mom, for letting me have sex," meaning she had asked my permission to go off with this guy and have sex, only I felt a bit strange, because I hadn't actually heard the request. "Oh, well," I think, "what's the harm?" I nod and go back to sleep. She moves another wooden chair over to put my feet on so I can sleep more comfortably. (255 words)
#3076 (1996-11-17)

Turtles come up on shore, by the motel I am staying at. I don't like the people that are staying here. They are secretive and are behind closed doors. I try to meet them and they slide away. I am walking around looking for someone to connect with and talk to. I see the turtles laying their eggs, that are really little transparent, snail-like things. A bunch of large beetle-like bugs come out and go to the babies and begin to latch onto them. At first I think this is a ritual where a symbiotic thing happens to help the babies. But then I realize the babies are being eaten. I feel sick. I try to walk and everywhere there are slimy, nasty bugs and things and I must step very carefully. I try to put shoes on to protect my feet so I won't feel them. I feel sad for the babies. (153 words)
#3077 (1996-11-16)

Leighanne and I are talking about writing projects. She is working on one and I am popping up with ideas which she uses in her project. I look at her formula way of doing the work. She creates a large board and puts (in this case) pictures she drew of walls because she's writing a book about horse things you can put on walls. As we talk, I say to Leighanne, "We are essentially equals." But I feel hesitant like maybe she's better than me. She kind of smiles. (89 words)
#3079 (1996-11-18)

I am on a beach and the children are going to swim in the water. I see big slabs of rock out in the water. I decide to go swimming with them. I go in, fully clothed, including my jacket. I wade around and see a bald baby, its bonnet down on its neck. I play with him, floating him around in the water. I had told the children I wasn't going out deep, because I didn't want to get my jacket wet, but when playing with the baby, I lie down in the water and get soaked. The water is cold. (102 words)
#3080 (1996-11-18)

I'm in some kind of a class and two woman sit on either side of me. One woman says rather haughtily, "We never spend time together except in class." It's kind of a dare. So I say, "OK, let's do it now." We are going for a drive. I am driving. As we approach a hill, I see an asphalt driveway and a long parked car. I begin to go up the dirt road up the hill past the car and then I stop and say, "No, we had trouble doing this the last time. Let's try the short cut." I back up to go over the asphalt pathway. I see a tiny car with odd wheels that flop around in a strange circular motion like it's swimming. It goes past. Then I hesitate and say, "We can't go this way." The woman is talking about her novel and her ex-husband and a platform. I say testily, "I'm tired of hearing about your ex-husband and the platform (sort of a novel she wrote)." She says I should use the asphalt path. I sigh and look again. I think my front wheels will lock under the lip of the entry and will be stopped. But I try again and my wheels pop over the lip and we're off. I feel a little embarrassed. (222 words)
#3081 (1996-11-18)

I am making art things. My "dad" comes along and looks at it and says "Hey, that's all I get, a silly necklace around my neck and this?" He's referring to the picture I drew to represent my feelings for him. He's in blue and pink and some kind of neck band thing, holding another picture. I am hurt and say to him, "You are insulting me and my art." I walk away from him, feeling sad. I look again at the picture. I had good reason to draw it this way. I stand by my artistic decisions. (98 words)
#3082 (1996-11-25)

I am all dressed up in a lovely gown, waiting for my date to arrive. There are children and Melinda in the room. My young man comes to the door. I am excited and pleased. He is very good-looking and well groomed and dressed. I go to the coat closet to get a coat. I am taking special pains to dress socially acceptable as opposed to my usual bid for comfort before fashion style. I pick a coat and realize it is Melinda's. She s miles her consent at me. I put it on. A scarf goes with it, very 1950's in style. We leave, feeling happy. (107 words)
#3083 (1996-11-26)

A woman with a manly hairstyle and a thick, muscular body is trying to kill my sister Lydia. The woman wants a box that Lydia has. The contents are valuable. I don't know what it is. There is a conspiracy going on between Lydia's husband and the woman and her husband to get the box and kill Lydia. I try to snatch the box and the woman is coming toward Lydia. I step in between them. The woman laughs and warns me to stay out of it or I will be killed. I say, "I can't let you hurt my sister." I have to try. We struggle. I yell out to a blind woman like Becky to break the windows and unlock the doors. She slowly walks toward the window, being very inept and saying testily she wasn't being inept. I manage to capture the woman, yelling to someone to help me hold onto her. I manage to get her handcuffed. She is a tricky, wily woman. I smash through the glass panes of the door windows and I pull her outdoors and down the country village road. I call out, "Where's the sheriff's office?" No one is helping. The sheriff, a pleasant-looking young man, saunters up and asks what I want. I am desperately holding on to this almost escaping woman and explaining the situation. I realize that while we are talking, her husband is cleaning the broken glass panes I shattered to get out of the house and they are setting me up to look like I am harming them. (262 words)
#3084 (1996-11-27)

I am watching a woman being prepared for execution, because after they kill her, it's my turn to be executed. They rest her chin on a pile of white pillows. She is standing. I feel the fear and the cold, clammy certainty of my own upcoming death. There is nothing I can do. It is inevitable (56 words)
#3085 (1996-11-27)

First there is a war going on. I wear a helmet and a bullet hits me on the top of my helmet as I am lying down in a crouched position. I pick up the spent bullet for a souvenir. I was lucky and the bullet didn't harm me. Now Jennifer H is very sad. Her girlfriend is going to commit suicide. She will drink poison and die. A woman like Katrina is there. I drink the poison too. I am afraid and yet calm. My death is certain now. It's a weird thought that my life is ending NOW. I lie down. I notice Jennifer sitting on the floor near her girlfriend. The girlfriend is in the last throes, gasping and all bound up like in a cocoon or shroud. She turns her face toward Jennifer to say something to her. Her face is contorted. She changes her mind because it's too exhausting to struggle against the enclosing death. I realize I am nearly at that stage now, my poison worked faster than hers. I suddenly think of my girls and how sad I won't be there to watch them grow up. I ask Katrina for paper and pen to write my last wishes. I think of my girls, then I think of my women's group friends and then I look at some of my writing (on yellow legal pad paper) and say, "Well, some of this was pretty good." It seems so strange that I am about to be nonexistent, inconceivable. (253 words)
#3086 (1996-11-27)

I am at some kind of convention. I seem to be always late for breakfast. I hear a speech and then go in to the food area to see if there's any leftovers. I find biscuits and so on and begin to snack. I see a woman and sit beside her. I realize it is Princess Di. She speaks in a very soft voice and the radio is playing very loudly. I say, "Just a minute. I have to turn the radio off. I can't hear you." I see two or three radios. I try to turn them off. Which one is it? Another woman is trying to help me. It doesn't work. Now I am in another room. Kids' books are laid out for us to peruse. A man is talking about gun control and how toys and games are inspected for safety features more than guns are. It's a lecture. It's a loud radio newscaster kind of voice. I decide spontaneously to walk for awhile. I start walking up a road, up a hill, and notice I am barefooted. A small girl, maybe 8 or 9 years old, walks with me. I wonder if we can make it barefooted. The gravel spots could be painful. Then I remember I didn't bother to tell anyone where I or the girl was going. They may be worried. Now I'm in a room and a male is telling a sports story about the Raiders. (243 words)
#3087 (1996-11-28)

I am seated and a man in a blue patterned flannel shirt comes over and sits next to me. He is sweet and loving and attracted to me. He is gentle. I am attracted to him as well, even though I critically notice that he is slightly pudgy and my age, but still a nice looking man. We sit very close. He puts his arm around me and we are physically very aware of each other. It is very sensual. We like being close together. (85 words)
#3088 (1996-11-28)

I have returned to the community college C. department to work a bit. Jerome comes over and asks me if I would be a "P." I say, "I've been gone so long I don't have any idea how things work now. What does a 'P' do? Do they still do registration and center coverage? And office hours?" He says yes. I want to be conciliatory and obliging, so I agree to be a "P." I notice Jerome's eyes look odd, sort of big with wrinkles around them. He is standing at my desk and I go near his desk. He says to me, "Are you intending to use my desk or yours?" I again am aware of wanting to be obliging and say, "Oh, my desk, of course. It would be silly to change desks since yours is already set up." Then I feel uneasy, wondering if this is a part-time job or a full-time one. I hope it is only part-time. (162 words)
#3089 (1996-11-29)

I am in a hospital as a patient. I think I am having surgery. A man friend of mine, like Paul of acting class, also has surgery. I suddenly remember it's been days since he went for surgery and I had forgotten to check in on how he did. I start going through the halls of the hospital asking different nurses where I can find out how he's doing and what room he's in now. They are not helpful. I keep trying. I now have to pee and go to a bathroom. I see a woman is in there, so I am by the door waiting. The woman comes out, but another one pops in ahead of me. I am annoyed and say, "Hey. It was my turn. I was waiting here." I see several other women now trying to get ahead of me. One woman left her things on the toilet, a cosmetic bag and so on. Now I am out of my wheelchair and standing so I can muscle my way in if I have to. (178 words)
#3090 (1996-11-30)

I am moving from a many-roomed house. There are back rooms I've not even been in. The moving is becoming more and more disorganized. Now people are picking up things and taking them outside, not even in boxes, and sitting them out there. I don't even have the truck thing set up to take things to the new place. I ask someone, maybe my father, to wait and let's get things organized before it starts raining and ruining everything. Now I am supposed to move to the water world of my lover. I put on the bride dress and then Dovre, my daughter, helps me wrap up good so I'll stay warm and dry in the transition, with many layers of black, warm cloth wrapped around my legs and so on, a stocking hat on my head. I come out and my lover sees me, the king of the water world. He is a bit upset to see me so plain and ugly dressed. He discreetly leaves into a building to wait as Dovre helps me unwrap. I am aware that I am supposedly underwater, yet there are bright-colored flowers on the hillside and I can breathe just fine. I get unwrapped down to the bride dress and I call out to my lover that he can come out and greet me. (222 words)
#3093 (1996-12-03)

I am sitting somewhere with a young, good-looking man. I love him deeply and I feel he loves me too. But he is a homeless vagabond and resists the idea of surrender to love. At first he is kissing me and I am resisting. He says, "When did you ever water-ski?" and I say, "Before the arthritis, about 19 years old." He is surprised and very happy. Then I have a chance, he says. By this he means that he still has a chance not only to kindle my love, but to bring me the best ecstasy and sexual pleasure I've ever experienced, because I was so young and inexperienced when I came down with arthritis. Now he and I and a younger boy are walking through a park. I see a grassy area with cement picnic tables and an indoors area with lots of round tables. I decide to sit in the room. I go from table to table, which at first look empty, but as I get there, I'll see a sweater and purse or books. Someone is saving the table. So we go outside. I am standing very close to him. It is exquisite torture for the both of us. I turn my face and kiss him on the cheek. He pulls back sharply, like any little thing will make him cave in emotionally and he'll succumb to the loving feelings. Finally, I get up and say, "Look, I've done all I can. If you want me, you'll come and find me," and I walk away from him, ready to give him up entirely. I have to for my own peace of mind. (276 words)
#3094 (1996-12-06)

I have some author's original manuscript, written by hand. It is a bulky, loose-paged thing in a folder. I try to get into it, but it is so boring. Finally, I start passing up chunks of the book. I tell Ginny that I have to scan the thing just to find out how it ends, once I've started a book. She laughs gently at me. I decide, what the heck, and go straight to the last two pages. I pick up the manuscript and carry it into the next room where Ernie is seated at a table, desk-like thing, which has rainbow colors on it, and there isn't another thing in the room or on the desk. I put it next to him and joke, "Maybe you want to read it." I go into another room where Ginny brings me a two-book set from a bookstore that she thought I'd be interested in, a sci-fi book, maybe Ursula Le Guin. I open it up and the words sparkle and sort of look like those colorful hologram pictures. They are energetic, colorful, moving pictures only on the words that have that kind of meaning. I like the books and wonder how much they cost. I try to read the cardboard display. Maybe they are $10.20 each. (215 words)
#3095 (1996-12-07)

I am at the community college again, wondering if they have part-time jobs for counselors. Andrea says maybe in a few years. I am now walking with Jim (dean of something). He likes me and I am distracted a bit. He is showing me some cute things for sale in the community college store. He tries to interest me in looking at things. I realize this is his way of helping us be closer, so I try. He shows me a small ceramic footprint which, when you open it up, is filled with sand. I see a candlestick, black and slim with ceramic cats on it. It is very cute. I am trying to see the prices. Some of the more ornate ones are two or three hundred dollars. The slim one is maybe $10.00. He wants me to go have a salad and sandwich with him at the cafeteria. I feel kind of interested, but not supercharged. (158 words)
#3096 (1996-12-07)

I am seated on a bench on a porch with a man and we are talking. There are other people strolling around, some women being catty about me. Another man sits by me on the swing. Someone is showing a video of a famous celebrity talking about E City. I say "Oh, I love E City. I describe the scene to the man by me. I tell him this is an arts fair (Saturday market). He admires what fun we seem to be having and how progressive. Then a road that leads to the ocean. I am puzzled and say, "We don't have an ocean at E City. Maybe this is someplace else." Now I am going down the road and see the waves. As I round the corner, I see it's a wide river with big boats causing the waves. I say "Oh, this is the big river, the W. In Dover." We go down by the river and I point out the newly built modern bridge. I get upset being so close to the churning water and say, "We have to go back up to the road. I get scared near deep water." I try to crawl up through a grate-covered hole. He is wanting to explore the bridge more and moves his grate so it covers my entrance hole. I say, "Help me please." He then pulls me up by the arm, concerned not to hurt me. I make it up and then say "OK, now we can explore the bridge." (254 words)
#3097 (1996-12-14)

I am a pregnant woman. I am in labor, only it's too soon and will take a long time. One man is supposed to come to the woods where I am alone, or at least I think I am alone, but the dream insists on adding lots of other people, and I wave my hands at them to make them go away, but they don't. I am annoyed. I want to be isolated and this one man is connected with me. But the dream simply has lots of people hanging out in the same woods. (95 words)
#3100 (1996-12-17)

I am standing, holding a sick boy in my arms. He is a cute tow head boy about 6 years old. He is so sleepy that he curls up in a fetal ball position over my arm as I try and hold him around the waist. Then I pull him gently to standing and he is still sleeping, all draped over my arms. Now I feel some wet and gooey substance on my foot and think he's thrown up on me. But when I look, it is some food he had in his hand, like noodles or something, that fell out of his relaxed hand. I think he's sick and maybe has an ear infection. I carry him to a bed and put him down, covering him up with a sleeping bag. He seems quite willing to lay there and sleep. It's good for him and he knows it. Now there is a windstorm and I am in a rowboat or walking across a raised bar across a large body of water. I cross it to the other side to investigate it. The boy is there and people keep shooing him back for his own safety and yet he must go there for his better health. They don't understand that. So we cross back over the bar and some man is saying the winds are increasing. I wonder if the car we are in will be swept off the bar and into the churning water, but that doesn't happen. We get to the other side. (255 words)
#3102 (1996-12-20)

I am talking to a man who owns a turquoise '55 Chevy that drives like a boat. It's a convertible and when you are in the driver's side, it has a rectangular piece with a forward and a backward gear lever. I start to drive it and catch on very quickly how to drive it. I go fast and laugh, thinking maybe the man is worried I might not be able to handle it. It is fun. Now I am inside some man's house. The car man is with me. I like him, but he isn't paying any attention to me. I hear a lot of noise and go to the back of the house. I see a stable outside and peek in. Three nuns are screaming and crying and very concerned. One of them yells one of them is having one. This means one of several different animals is giving birth now. I go back into the house, the man with me, and it's a party and I want him to dance with me and kiss me. But suddenly a huge elephant rampages through and we have to move quickly to get out of the way. We jump to the wall and squeeze between the wall and the refrigerator. We are face to face and I turn my face up, hoping he will finally kiss me. He starts getting the idea and tentatively and shyly starts to kiss me. I am very happy. Now the nuns are screaming it's the other animal giving birth. We go to the door and look. I wonder if the nun's are OK there or if we need to rescue them. (277 words)
#3104 (1997-01-11)

I am in bed with Howard. He is lying on my left arm, which is under him. He is holding my left hand cupped in his hands very gently. He is talking to himself softly. He is looking at the many, many rows of scars from shots and blood tests. He is sorry for the pain I must endure. I feel his soft skin and like being near him. I wonder if we could forget all the pain of the past and just start over. I feel tenderness for him. He moves and the moment is over. I do not try to bring it back. (105 words)
#3105 (1997-01-15)

Howard and I are moving furniture in a tiny house of mine. We are trying to make it safer and better for the babies, a baby girl and a 2-year-old boy. We put the baby girl's bedroom near us. I feel happy that Howard is there and we are working on the house. It feels right. Later a Ricardo type boy (man) is playing ice hockey. He makes some very extraordinary moves that are complicated. I am impressed. Now there is a tiny, little, furry kitten-like animal with black and white spots that was just born a few minutes ago. I wonder if I'm the mother and Howard is the father, but I realize it is an orphan. We adopt it. (121 words)
#3106 (1997-01-16)

Burt Lancaster and I are talking in a room. I am asking him about some of his movies. I ask him if a particular movie, "The Stone Commander," had a script or if they ad-libbed the thing. I think they ad-libbed. He says, "No, it had a script, in fact, it had two." I am surprised. Now I am counting rows of broccoli: 10 heads to a row and 10 rows. The woman who owns the broccoli asks what I'm doing. I say, "We need these for a movie about vegetables." She say, "Oh no, this is my favorite broccoli. It's so sweet." [BL] (103 words)
#3107 (1997-01-17)

I am preparing to do a performance at a meeting. The woman boss is talking and I realize I don't have my scripts with me for the play. I start looking around the office. I make a mess with all the papers I look through. As I am frantically searching, I also notice that the audience is off in another part of the room, partitioned off. If we moved ourselves into their room, we would be seen better. I check and see that there is plenty of room beyond the office partition. I wonder why we were told to do it in the office in the first place. I am worried that I can't remember the words or the sequence of things we are supposed to do. I am unhappy, and frantic. [BL] (132 words)
#3108 (1997-01-19)

I am late to a lecture. The audience is seated along one edge of the long l-shaped room. Several tables are in the center of the area. I go to the center one and stand there with another woman. A man, a mayor, is giving his State of the City Address. He wears cowboy boots and a big cowboy hat. As he talks passionately about the history of E City, he walks around. Sometimes he is walking around a tiny ledge up on the wall. Another time he straightens up a photo of himself which had slipped down in its frame. He later walks on a balcony and then jumps down. Later, he walks around the l-shaped room's corner to be visible to the stretched-out, oddly-spaced audience. I change my hat and handbag. Two skinny older women in silly odd-shaped cowgirl hats pop out from the back stage area to sing a song, but they are too early. They sing one note and stop suddenly, embarrassed. I like the mayor and what he is saying. I remember some of the things he was talking about and marvel at how many years ago it was that this building or park was started. (201 words)
#3110 (1997-01-24)

I am lying on a bed. I consider myself an old lady, very old, but I am only my own age (53). I am dying. The bed begins to rise up into the air. I float along, rising higher and higher as well as going forward out the door and down the street. I pass the interior of a hospital, and a baby who is dying joins me. I hold the baby and talk soothingly to it. We rise up toward heaven. I am relieved. I was wondering which way I'd end up going. (94 words)
#3113 (1997-01-25)

We are having a serious meeting about the wording of some document. It's like the C. Department people but it isn't. I go to sleep in the middle of it, because it is so boring. They want me to agree with what they wrote, but I don't want to comment because I feel it doesn't say anything of substance. Now the meeting breaks up and a man is teasing me. We are joking and he is surprised I am fun to be around. I show them another meeting room I had prepared. They ask if there is enough room for 20 people. I say, "The room capacity is 135, I would think there would be enough room." Now I am looking at pictures in a magazine of a M City-like region with a old "Gabby Hayes" kind of man in the picture. Now I am harmonizing with some man a song that goes like this, "Whoa. The sun comes up in the morning." The harmonizing sounds very good. They are impressed. [BL] (171 words)

Numbers: 0003|0007|0008|0009|0011|0016|0022|0023|0024|0030|0037|0038|0039|0040|0045|0046|0047|0048|0050|0051|0053|0054|0057|0058|0060|0061|0062|0063|0064|0065|0066|0067|0068|0070|0072|0073|0074|0081|0082|0083|0084|0085|0086|0087|0090|0091|0092|0093|0094|0095|0096|0097|0098|0101|0102|0103|0104|0105|0106|0108|0109|0110|0111|0112|0113|0114|0118|0120|0122|0123|0124|0129|0133|0136|0141|0142|0143|0144|0145|0149|0150|0151|0152|0153|0156|0157|0158|0159|0166|0167|0168|0171|0174|0175|0177|0182|0183|0185|0186|0187|0190|0194|0195|0196|0200|0201|0202|0204|0206|0209|0214|0218|0225|0228|0232|0235|0236|0237|0238|0239|0242|0245|0246|0247|0248|0249|0252|0253|0255|0256|0258|0259|0260|0262|0265|0270|0271|0272|0274|0276|0277|0278|0280|0285|0286|0287|0289|0292|0294|0296|0300|0302|0303|0304|0306|0308|0310|0316|0317|0318|0319|0320|0323|0324|0325|0327|0329|0330|0331|0333|0336|0338|0344|0346|0347|0349|0350|0355|0356|0358|0359|0362|0363|0364|0366|0371|0378|0379|0382|0384|0385|0390|0393|0394|0395|0396|0397|0398|0399|0400|0401|0403|0405|0406|0407|0408|0409|0410|0411|0413|0414|0415|0416|0418|0419|0420|0421|0422|0423|0424|0425|0428|0430|0431|0433|0434|0436|0437|0438|0441|0444|0445|0446|0447|0450|0451|0452|0453|0455|0456|0457|0458|0460|0461|0466|0468|0469|0470|0471|0473|0474|0475|0476|0479|0480|0481|0483|0485|0486|0487|0488|0490|0491|0492|0493|0494|0495|0496|0498|0499|0500|0501|0502|0503|0504|0505|0506|0507|0509|0510|0515|0517|0518|0519|0520|0522|0523|0524|0526|0529|0530|0531|0533|0534|0535|0536|0538|0539|0540|0541|0542|0544|0546|0547|0548|0549|0550|0551|0552|0553|0556|0558|0559|0563|0564|0565|0566|0567|0568|0570|0571|0572|0573|0574|0576|0578|0579|0580|0581|0583|0584|0585|0587|0589|0590|0591|0592|0593|0595|0596|0597|0598|0599|0601|0602|0603|0604|0606|0608|0609|0610|0614|0615|0617|0618|0620|0621|0622|0623|0624|0625|0626|0628|0629|0630|0631|0632|0633|0634|0636|0638|0641|0642|0644|0646|0649|0650|0651|0652|0653|0656|0658|0659|0660|0662|0664|0665|0666|0669|0670|0671|0672|0673|0674|0675|0676|0677|0678|0679|0680|0683|0684|0686|0687|0688|0689|0690|0691|0692|0693|0696|0698|0699|0700|0701|0702|0704|0705|0707|0708|0710|0711|0712|0713|0715|0716|0717|0718|0719|0721|0722|0723|0724|0726|0727|0728|0729|0730|0732|0733|0735|0736|0738|0739|0740|0742|0743|0744|0746|0748|0749|0751|0752|0754|0755|0758|0760|0761|0762|0764|0766|0767|0768|0769|0770|0771|0773|0774|0775|0776|0777|0778|0779|0780|0781|0782|0785|0787|0789|0790|0791|0792|0793|0794|0795|0796|0797|0798|0799|0800|0801|0802|0803|0804|0806|0807|0808|0809|0810|0811|0812|0814|0815|0816|0821|0822|0823|0824|0825|0826|0827|0828|0829|0830|0831|0832|0833|0834|0835|0837|0838|0840|0842|0843|0844|0846|0847|0848|0849|0850|0851|0852|0853|0855|0856|0857|0859|0860|0862|0863|0864|0865|0866|0867|0868|0869|0870|0871|0873|0874|0879|0880|0881|0882|0883|0885|0886|0887|0888|0889|0890|0891|0893|0894|0895|0896|0897|0900|0901|0902|0903|0904|0905|0906|0907|0909|0910|0911|0913|0914|0915|0916|0917|0918|0919|0921|0922|0923|0924|0925|0926|0927|0929|0930|0931|0932|0933|0934|0935|0938|0941|0942|0943|0944|0945|0947|0948|0949|0950|0952|0955|0956|0957|0958|0959|0961|0962|0963|0965|0967|0968|0969|0970|0971|0973|0974|0975|0976|0977|0978|0979|0980|0981|0982|0983|0984|0985|0986|0987|0988|0989|0990|0992|0994|0995|0996|0998|0999|1000|1001|1002|1005|1006|1007|1008|1009|1011|1012|1013|1014|1016|1020|1021|1022|1023|1025|1026|1027|1029|1030|1032|1036|1037|1038|1039|1041|1042|1044|1045|1046|1047|1048|1050|1051|1053|1054|1055|1056|1058|1059|1060|1061|1062|1064|1065|1066|1067|1068|1069|1070|1071|1072|1073|1074|1075|1076|1077|1078|1079|1081|1082|1083|1084|1085|1087|1088|1090|1091|1092|1093|1094|1095|1097|1098|1099|1100|1102|1103|1104|1105|1106|1109|1110|1111|1112|1114|1115|1116|1117|1118|1119|1120|1121|1122|1123|1124|1126|1127|1128|1129|1132|1133|1135|1136|1137|1139|1142|1144|1145|1147|1148|1149|1151|1152|1154|1158|1159|1163|1165|1167|1168|1169|1170|1171|1172|1175|1176|1177|1178|1180|1181|1183|1185|1186|1189|1190|1191|1192|1193|1194|1195|1196|1197|1201|1202|1203|1204|1205|1206|1207|1209|1210|1211|1212|1213|1214|1215|1216|1218|1219|1220|1221|1222|1223|1224|1225|1226|1227|1228|1229|1230|1231|1232|1235|1237|1238|1239|1246|1247|1249|1250|1251|1252|1253|1254|1256|1257|1259|1260|1262|1263|1266|1270|1271|1274|1275|1278|1279|1280|1281|1282|1283|1286|1287|1288|1290|1292|1294|1295|1296|1298|1300|1301|1302|1306|1307|1308|1309|1310|1311|1312|1314|1316|1317|1318|1319|1321|1324|1325|1327|1329|1330|1331|1332|1333|1335|1338|1339|1341|1342|1344|1345|1346|1347|1348|1349|1350|1353|1354|1355|1356|1357|1358|1362|1363|1364|1365|1367|1368|1371|1372|1373|1376|1377|1378|1380|1383|1388|1391|1392|1393|1394|1395|1399|1400|1401|1403|1405|1407|1411|1412|1413|1414|1415|1416|1417|1420|1423|1424|1426|1427|1428|1431|1436|1437|1438|1439|1440|1444|1445|1446|1447|1448|1451|1452|1453|1454|1455|1457|1458|1459|1460|1461|1462|1464|1465|1467|1468|1469|1470|1471|1473|1474|1475|1476|1477|1480|1481|1482|1483|1484|1485|1487|1488|1489|1490|1491|1492|1493|1498|1499|1501|1502|1503|1504|1507|1509|1510|1512|1514|1515|1516|1518|1519|1520|1521|1523|1524|1525|1526|1527|1528|1529|1530|1531|1532|1533|1534|1536|1537|1540|1541|1542|1544|1546|1547|1548|1549|1551|1554|1555|1556|1557|1558|1559|1560|1561|1563|1565|1566|1567|1570|1572|1573|1574|1581|1582|1583|1584|1585|1586|1588|1589|1590|1591|1592|1594|1595|1596|1597|1598|1599|1600|1601|1603|1604|1605|1606|1608|1610|1611|1612|1613|1614|1615|1616|1617|1618|1619|1620|1624|1625|1626|1627|1628|1629|1630|1631|1632|1633|1634|1635|1638|1639|1641|1642|1643|1644|1646|1647|1648|1650|1652|1653|1654|1655|1656|1657|1659|1660|1661|1662|1663|1664|1665|1666|1667|1668|1669|1670|1672|1675|1677|1680|1681|1683|1686|1688|1689|1690|1691|1692|1695|1698|1699|1700|1701|1702|1703|1704|1705|1707|1708|1709|1710|1712|1713|1714|1715|1716|1717|1718|1719|1720|1721|1722|1723|1725|1730|1731|1732|1733|1734|1735|1737|1738|1739|1740|1741|1742|1744|1745|1746|1748|1752|1755|1758|1759|1760|1761|1762|1764|1765|1767|1769|1770|1771|1773|1774|1778|1779|1781|1782|1783|1784|1785|1790|1791|1792|1794|1795|1796|1797|1798|1801|1806|1807|1808|1810|1811|1815|1816|1817|1818|1819|1820|1821|1823|1824|1825|1826|1827|1828|1830|1832|1833|1835|1839|1840|1841|1842|1846|1847|1853|1855|1857|1858|1859|1860|1863|1866|1868|1869|1870|1871|1873|1878|1879|1880|1881|1884|1885|1887|1889|1893|1898|1899|1900|1901|1904|1906|1907|1915|1917|1918|1923|1924|1925|1926|1927|1929|1931|1933|1935|1937|1938|1939|1940|1941|1943|1945|1946|1948|1949|1953|1955|1956|1957|1958|1959|1962|1966|1967|1968|1971|1972|1975|1976|1977|1979|1982|1983|1986|1988|1990|1992|1994|1995|1996|1998|1999|2000|2001|2003|2005|2007|2008|2009|2012|2017|2018|2019|2020|2021|2022|2023|2024|2028|2029|2030|2032|2033|2034|2040|2041|2043|2044|2046|2048|2049|2051|2053|2054|2057|2059|2060|2065|2067|2068|2069|2070|2071|2077|2079|2080|2081|2082|2084|2085|2086|2087|2090|2091|2092|2093|2094|2095|2097|2098|2099|2100|2102|2103|2105|2106|2107|2108|2109|2110|2111|2125|2127|2129|2130|2131|2133|2134|2136|2137|2138|2139|2140|2144|2145|2146|2147|2149|2150|2151|2152|2153|2156|2158|2160|2162|2163|2165|2167|2168|2169|2170|2171|2172|2176|2177|2178|2179|2180|2181|2183|2184|2185|2187|2188|2190|2196|2198|2204|2205|2207|2208|2209|2210|2211|2212|2213|2215|2216|2217|2219|2220|2221|2223|2224|2225|2226|2227|2229|2230|2232|2234|2235|2236|2237|2238|2239|2241|2242|2243|2244|2247|2248|2249|2250|2251|2252|2253|2254|2255|2257|2258|2259|2260|2261|2267|2268|2273|2278|2279|2280|2281|2282|2283|2285|2287|2289|2290|2291|2294|2295|2296|2299|2300|2301|2302|2303|2304|2306|2307|2308|2309|2311|2312|2313|2314|2315|2316|2317|2318|2319|2320|2323|2324|2326|2327|2328|2329|2330|2332|2333|2334|2335|2336|2339|2340|2341|2343|2345|2346|2348|2350|2351|2354|2355|2356|2359|2360|2361|2363|2364|2365|2368|2370|2371|2372|2373|2374|2375|2376|2377|2378|2379|2383|2384|2385|2386|2387|2388|2389|2390|2391|2395|2396|2397|2398|2401|2402|2403|2407|2409|2410|2413|2414|2415|2418|2419|2420|2421|2422|2427|2428|2429|2431|2432|2433|2435|2436|2437|2441|2444|2445|2447|2460|2461|2462|2463|2464|2466|2467|2468|2470|2471|2473|2474|2476|2477|2479|2480|2484|2485|2486|2490|2491|2492|2493|2494|2495|2496|2498|2499|2500|2501|2503|2504|2505|2507|2508|2509|2510|2511|2512|2513|2515|2516|2517|2518|2519|2521|2522|2523|2524|2527|2528|2531|2532|2533|2534|2538|2540|2542|2544|2545|2549|2551|2553|2554|2555|2558|2559|2563|2565|2566|2567|2568|2570|2571|2574|2578|2579|2580|2582|2583|2585|2587|2589|2590|2591|2593|2595|2596|2597|2598|2599|2600|2602|2603|2604|2605|2607|2608|2609|2610|2612|2613|2614|2615|2616|2617|2618|2619|2620|2621|2623|2624|2626|2627|2629|2631|2632|2633|2634|2635|2636|2637|2638|2639|2640|2642|2643|2644|2647|2648|2650|2651|2652|2653|2654|2656|2657|2659|2660|2663|2665|2666|2667|2669|2670|2671|2672|2673|2675|2679|2680|2681|2682|2683|2684|2685|2687|2690|2691|2692|2694|2695|2697|2699|2700|2702|2703|2704|2705|2706|2707|2708|2709|2712|2713|2715|2716|2717|2718|2719|2720|2721|2722|2723|2725|2727|2728|2733|2734|2735|2739|2740|2741|2742|2743|2744|2746|2750|2754|2755|2759|2760|2763|2764|2767|2769|2771|2772|2775|2780|2781|2784|2787|2788|2790|2792|2793|2794|2796|2797|2798|2800|2801|2803|2804|2807|2808|2809|2810|2811|2812|2813|2814|2815|2817|2820|2822|2823|2825|2831|2832|2833|2836|2837|2838|2839|2840|2841|2844|2845|2846|2847|2848|2849|2850|2852|2853|2855|2858|2861|2862|2863|2864|2865|2866|2867|2868|2871|2873|2874|2875|2877|2878|2879|2883|2884|2885|2886|2887|2888|2891|2892|2893|2894|2895|2898|2899|2900|2901|2903|2906|2907|2908|2909|2910|2911|2912|2913|2914|2915|2918|2920|2924|2926|2927|2928|2929|2930|2931|2933|2934|2935|2936|2940|2941|2942|2943|2944|2945|2946|2949|2951|2952|2953|2954|2955|2956|2957|2958|2959|2960|2966|2967|2970|2972|2973|2976|2979|2980|2983|2984|2985|2986|2988|2990|2991|2992|2993|2994|2995|2996|2997|2998|2999|3000|3001|3002|3003|3004|3005|3006|3007|3008|3009|3010|3011|3012|3013|3014|3016|3017|3020|3022|3023|3024|3025|3027|3030|3031|3032|3033|3038|3041|3042|3043|3044|3045|3046|3049|3050|3051|3053|3055|3056|3057|3058|3059|3060|3061|3062|3063|3064|3066|3067|3068|3069|3070|3071|3073|3074|3076|3077|3079|3080|3081|3082|3083|3084|3085|3086|3087|3088|3089|3090|3093|3094|3095|3096|3097|3100|3102|3104|3105|3106|3107|3108|3110|3113